We'll get you my two favorite rock stars on the wall.
I had an Elvis tee shirt on earlier,
but I wear it so often,
but that's Jimi Hendrix.
When he got arrested in Toronto for a,
he had heroin on him.
And the Elvis picture is kind of a fake mugshot.
Okay.
It wasn't earlier,
but I wear,
it's what happened.
That's me.
Whoops.
Uh,
that was,
uh,
that was Elvis when he went to visit Nixon.
That famous picture.
Okay.
Again,
um,
that's how I ended up getting his pistol.
You got Elvis his pistol.
Yeah.
By the way,
people tuned in right now,
this is my,
the fucking Joe Perry from Aerosmith,
one of the greatest guitarist that's ever graced the face of this planet.
Well,
thanks.
It's an honor to be on you to have you on the show,
man.
Uh,
I,
you know,
I grew up in Boston,
so Arrowsmith Boston synonymous,
you know,
if you're a kid in Boston,
you're Aerosmith fan or you're some sort of communist.
So I was an Aerosmith fan,
but you have Elvis's gun.
How the fuck did you get out of this?
His Gun?
Well.
Um,
as it turns out,
um,
Joe Esposito,
who was his road manager from the time,
I guess he met him in the army and from that time,
I guess he was the second person to find him when he died.
Um,
so he was with them the whole time and uh,
he was his road manager and,
uh,
he was with him the day that,
that they went to the,
uh,
they took the Lisa Marie the plane to go visit Nixon and he wanted to give them
that,
that commemorate of 1911,
which was in a box,
but he knew he wouldn't get,
get into the White House with his own carry gun.
So he left it with his pilot,
you know,
on a,
on his airplanes.
So,
uh,
they went in and they had their meeting and they,
you know,
that's well documented and all in any way that they went back.
And when the pilot cave,
you gave him back his pistol,
he just turned around and gave it to Joe Esposito,
his road manager.
And it's like,
just an average,
like 38 from like the fifties was a lot of wear on the,
on the,
uh,
on the holster,
you know?
And so it looked like he'd worn quite a bit and used it quite a bit.
I bet he was calling that sucker out all the time.
Didn't he shoot a TV once?
You did all,
you miss all that stuff.
Who's mad at somebody?
Well,
who was he mad at that like when Elvis shot the TV was a singer.
I've
uh,
Elliot Gould?
No,
not,
not only at cold.
Elliot.
What guy from Lowell?
I think.
Really?
Yeah,
the singer.
I Dunno.
It was one of those like a crooner what?
Robert Goulet.
You just guessing.
Don't do that.
Yeah,
it was late.
Robert Goulet the actor,
wasn't he an act?
No,
he was asleep.
He was,
the singer wasn't hearing it.
Robert Goulet an actor.
I Dunno,
I don't,
there's a James Brown who's a sports broadcaster change your name,
brother.
That's ridiculous.
So,
you know,
anyway,
so anyway,
the story goes that,
um,
that the Joe had this tucked away.
His pistol is 38.
And,
uh,
and,
um,
he needed some cash and was going to put it online.
And my road manager was,
which was also good friends with Joe,
um,
heard about it and they said,
you know,
and so he got in touch with Billy and you know,
I always wanted something from Elvis,
you know,
I'm a big fan,
but something that I know he used like,
cause he's always buying stuff and you know,
this stuff online that belonged to Elvis or gut,
you know,
he bought it and then gave it to somebody.
And you know,
I mean it doesn't really mean anything,
it's just,
you know,
he just bought it and gave it to somebody as a gift.
Never really like use it or touched it and like I'd be happy with a guitar
string or a pig or something.
And so,
um,
you know,
and I collect guns,
I collect old old weapons,
you know,
whatever.
And um,
so anyway,
so my road manager heard about it and got in touch with Billy,
my wife,
and they got together with Joe and did the,
did the paperwork or whatever.
And I think it was for Christmas.
Got Elvis 30.
I haven't cleaned it or fired it or,
or done,
you know,
I mean it's just,
I mean it's,
it's,
you know,
it's just a treasure,
and there's a letter of the clothes with it from Joe,
you know,
Yvonne authenticity and uh,
and I,
and I know that it's just by light,
by looking at it and just experience and knowing what,
you know,
guns look like after they've been used and everything.
And it was probably that he,
he carried it,
you know,
Elvis was like the original real super superstar.
Like Elvis hit like a level of fame that probably no one will ever hit again.
Like he hit this creek because this is no internet limited amount of television.
There's only a few channels.
So you know,
you had the Ed Sullivan show when a couple of other shows and the tonight show,
but when,
what the level of fame that Elvis reached was like this really bizarre kind of
crazy level.
And so all the other musicians like yourself and a lot of other folks got to see
like what can happen.
How it can all go off the rails with the great Elvis Presley,
you know,
it was really,
it was really something,
I mean,
considering his background,
and the age that he was when he,
when he,
when it hit,
I mean,
again,
it was like,
I'm sure he did his,
you know,
he played his gigs at clubs and things that,
whatever,
you know,
for his friends,
but then it was,
if there was ever like an overnight thing,
I mean,
you think about the Beatles.
people think,
well they will kind of an overnight success.
I mean,
that was what the media said,
but you know,
they spent a lot of time in the clubs,
men and like at Hamburg,
like three years playing,
you know,
absurd hours,
constantly.
I mean,
they really worked hard to be a good van,
a great band,
you know,
as,
as well as being as talented as they were.
But,
um,
uh,
and you know,
are,
but,
uh,
um,
Elvis,
it kind of hit him right away,
man.
And,
uh,
I dunno how he,
he,
well we can see how he dealt with it.
You know,
I didn't do so well.
I don't think anybody can deal with that level of fame.
I think it just makes you,
it's your reality.
Just changes.
Like it's like being taken from Earth and being dropped off in an alternate
dimension where everybody knows who you are.
People scream when they see you.
Everywhere you go.
Women are fainting.
I mean,
there'd never been a person alive like that.
There'd never been a person a lie before Elvis where were they would walk on
stage and women would drop.
They look,
frank.
Frank had a taste of it,
but the media was not true.
Well it wasn't as big as it is getting with Elvis because the whole thing was
like evolving,
you know,
so they,
it was more,
more of an output,
you know,
it was more,
I mean [inaudible] still,
I mean,
he was,
you know,
arguably the got the man,
I mean he had the movies,
he had the,
the,
the singing,
you know,
and everything.
And,
and the girls to that with him too.
But it wasn't as,
as,
as intense as Elvis because of the,
uh,
because of TV and radio and the,
you know,
and him getting out there and really concentrating on just playing in the states
who God knows what would've happened if he was,
if he would been allowed to tour the world,
you know,
but,
but you know,
there's all the stories about the colonel,
you know,
keeping them in the country because he was afraid that if he was to go out of
the country,
um,
he wasn't able to go with him because of his,
it was background,
I guess he couldn't get a passport or something and record apparently.
And uh,
and so he was afraid someone would get to him and would take over as new
manager.
Well,
he was always a friend.
I mean,
he kept,
it kept him away from,
from the,
all the new technology that was going on in,
in rock and roll.
I mean,
right down to the,
to the stage lights and all that stuff.
I mean,
he has his show stayed pretty much the same all through it.
they had,
I mean,
the kernel kept everything just the way it was.
It's fine.
And all of this was fine with it,
but he never really saw like what people were doing,
say in the 70s,
you know,
with rock and roll and how the show's got big and there was so much more he
could do.
But he was isolated so,
so much from it all.
I mean,
he was kept away from the best songwriters.
Um,
really,
you know,
it was really,
it's really a shame.
I mean,
you know,
and you know,
the stories that are true about him,
you know,
not being able to act in the movies he wanted to.
I mean,
he's obviously a talented actors.
It never had a chance,
some good,
good roles.
And,
uh,
why was that?
Well,
that was because of the kernel as well.
Pretty much the colonel kept him in a,
in a box,
you know what I mean?
They had the system worked out where they would get x amount of dollars up front
and they knew how much,
you know,
how much money they would make from the movies.
And then,
um,
you know,
they had the circuit,
then they would put out the,
this batch of songs,
you know,
most of them,
just throw it all thrown off,
recorded in three days,
whatever,
you know.
And he just,
they just had the system and then the colonel allegedly would take this
briefcase,
his,
his share and go right to Vegas
and then he'd go back to back to la with an empty briefcase,
you know,
and then it was Elvis.
It's time for another movie.
Uh,
colonel was a gambling junkie.
All that was,
that's a story that makes sense.
That makes sense.
In Sinatra also had a different style of music that as the rock and roll was
coming along,
his style of music was a generation before,
you know.
And for,
for folks who haven't heard the early Sinatra stuff,
it's kind of shocking.
Like the early Sinatra's voice was really high pitched and almost like it
didn't,
doesn't sound like you've heard Sinatra pull up early Sinatra see if you could
find some real old school Sinatra because he had this like,
I don't want to say like a falsetto,
but it was like a very high pitched voice and he could hit these incredible
notes.
But all that Jack Daniel's and the cigarettes,
they changed it to this baby.
You know,
he became,
I got you under my skin,
came like,
uh,
he was more talkative than he was singing it wholly kind of.
He kind of realized there was,
there was this,
this persona that he could,
he could grow into,
you know,
and I think that,
that,
that's a part of it.
You know what I mean?
He realized that he was the,
you know,
he was hanging with these guys who were like looked at as the coolest guys on
the planet.
He was,
he was basically the boss,
you know what I mean?
And that pack right there and then,
and you know,
they had their restaurants and places they would hang in the broads.
And the booze and the Martinis and,
uh,
you know,
whatever's,
and,
uh,
that was,
that was his thing.
And that's,
that's what,
that's what he,
he,
he was,
he lived at,
yeah.
Let me hear this.
Must have raw is the devil's raw cause all my,
I make a day isn't that weird.
Can singing like bing Crosby,
you know what I mean?
But that was,
you know,
he's kind of finding his place.
Yeah.
And then,
uh,
you know,
you can hear it the way he's singing.
He just,
it's just drips.
Cool.
You know,
when he found his voice and he found his niche and,
and his,
his,
uh,
in his,
in his public persona,
you know,
is,
he's got some where he rec,
he demonstrates this incredible range too with his voice.
I mean,
he could hit these amazing notes that a lot of people don't do.
You don't think of when you think of Sinatra,
you know,
you think of,
uh,
all the,
the different classic hits that he had right now,
but these really old songs show you what he could have been or what he
originally was and that you can get to see the,
the morphing of it all.
Yeah.
Well,
again,
that's probably why.
Um,
again,
he didn't,
I mean he,
he had,
he was at the time considering the technology and how,
how people got their,
their entertainment.
He got as big as anybody could get.
Yeah.
He was,
he was about as big as it could get back then.
You know,
he,
he's here his vocal range.
That's it.
Yeah.
I'm gonna hear this.
Is this,
this is the older one.
Yeah.
It's,
I think it's showing all the different,
yeah.
Well,
Brenda,
yeah.
This is not the young guy though.
You just want to find the young one,
which is what the most interesting thing.
I got his,
uh,
his mugshot on my wall as well.
Oh yeah.
At home.
Yeah.
He,
uh,
was arrested for seduction.
Really?
Yeah.
Whatever that means.
Probably given the old schlump veal,
the someone's wife,
you know what I'm saying?
But he was really young too.
And uh,
he was tiny.
He was like 125 pounds I think,
in the mugshot.
Wow.
Yeah.
Let me pull that up cause it was tied our,
yeah,
he was a tiny little good.
Yeah.
Sinatra,
well a man with the golden arm,
right?
No,
that was,
uh,
was that,
was he an I don't remember.
There we go.
The man with the golden voice,
right?
Wasn't it?
Well,
yeah,
that too,
but I mean he did that move you there?
He was arrested in 1938 charged with carrying on with a married woman.
That was illegal carrying on with a married woman.
What does carrying on me is that lasers Janice Freak on?
Well,
I mean,
you know,
how do you define that in court?
I mean,
all you have to do is be chick pea with a married woman,
I guess.
Probably like alone and you're carrying on.
That's all you have to do.
Back then,
probably 1938 they were terrified of everything and now they probably thought I
could summon a demon will carry on with a married woman.
They didn't know anything back then.
They didn't have the Internet.
They only had like four books.
Watch out.
Watch out who you get on the elevator with,
you know?
Yeah.
Watch how he get,
definitely football players don't get in the elevator with football players.
They tend to get a little smacky.
Yeah,
he was 125 pounds,
I think.
It doesn't say it here.
It doesn't show,
but I have the,
the piece of paper that came with it.
Like the,
the charged him.
Jesus.
Yeah.
They sell it at like one of these poster shops.
It's hilarious though.
Uh,
when you,
when you had a chance to see guys like Elvis,
when you were a kid and you had a chance to see those guys and all the trials
and tribulations they went through and all the pitfalls,
did you,
did you get a chance to learn from some,
some of that stuff?
Did it,
would that,
do you think that that like helped you in any way?
Um,
I think that it is
one of those things that I just been being young,
arrogant,
and 18 you think anything could have happened to me,
you know?
I mean that was kind of the vibe.
I mean,
I just,
plus I couldn't relate to it because I never saw it in person.
He was always like,
had that illusion of,
you know,
cause it was on TV and that you always had that feeling like there's something
in there that's going on behind behind the scenes or whatever.
And it's,
it makes it more than it is,
it makes it bigger than life.
And so it's really hard to relate to for just,
you know,
like your average person,
which I was at the time,
you know,
just sitting there,
without knowing anybody famous or you know,
or anything like that.
I mean,
it was like something you saw on TV or heard on the radio.
So I couldn't really relate to it in a,
in a,
in a visceral way,
in a real way,
you know?
So,
uh,
it just was one of those things that you just,
I mean,
I never saw like a,
uh,
an alcoholic or anything like that and you know,
you know,
w w in person till till I actually like hung out with the dolls the new year
except for lead on like a homeless person here or there.
And that was it,
you know.
So,
uh,
now it's pretty naive and uh,
you know,
when I was growing up,
I was real lucky when I was a kid that I did a lot of construction.
My stepfather was an architect,
so he got me on a lot of construction sites for,
for jobs.
And I got around a lot of junkies,
a lot of junkies and a lot of alcoholics.
And I got to see these guys just destroying their lives.
I get to see guys who,
you know,
they'd be clean,
they'd be clean and be clean.
And then one day they didn't have a beer at work.
You know,
they would just show up with a beer,
like wrapped up in a,
in a paper bag and then they would go off the rails and then they would not show
up at work and everybody would make fun of them on the job.
And I just got to see these people that just couldn't control substances.
And being around that,
I got to,
you know,
as a young kid,
as a young teenager was like all my summer jobs where construction gigs and I
got to see like people ruin their lives.
And I remember thinking to myself,
okay,
this is something I got to,
I got to learn from that.
And I don't want to be that guy.
You know,
this is a good thing about seeing people fuck up is that if you're paying
attention,
it really can help you.
It really can absorb that if you're paying attention.
But I guess what you're saying is that like seeing it on TV,
whether it's Elvis or anybody else that did it,
like Janis Joplin or Hendrix,
you know,
dying of heroin overdoses or whatever,
and choking on their own vomit.
It doesn't seem like it's going to happen to you cause you're not,
it's not like your buddy.
Like you know what exactly.
I had a buddy in high school and uh,
his cousin was a coke dealer and a,
I got to see this guy just waste away.
He went from being this like normal,
fun loving guy to constantly just tucked away in.
He had an attic apartment.
Him and his girlfriend would just do coke and watch TV.
They were just,
they just vanished.
He just shriveled up to nothing.
Like he,
I mean he must have lost like he was a skinny guy already,
but he must have lost like 30 or 40 pounds.
Just whittled away to this little non eating coke,
snorting TV,
watching Weirdo God.
And uh,
I remember thinking to myself,
nope,
never going to try that shit.
But I was lucky.
I was lucky that I got to see that.
I got to see it with my eye.
Yeah.
At an age did it,
did it made an impression,
you know?
Yeah.
If I wasn't,
if I was around only nice people,
it did nice things,
I probably would've been like cocaine.
What's that?
What'd you guys get that?
Yeah,
well it was,
uh,
definitely,
there was definitely proud of that and my use,
I mean there's definitely isolated in a very small town.
I mean,
it just wasn't that kind of thing as I was growing up.
What town did you grow up in and hope they'll Massachusetts,
which is probably about a 30,
40 minutes away from a Fox sport where the Patriots play for anybody who doesn't
know Boston at all,
you know?
So,
uh,
it was just way out in the suburbs,
you know,
not,
not like just 10 minutes,
you know what I mean?
It took a,
it was a,
it was like a couple hour trek to get into town,
you know,
into Boston.
And I didn't start going into in there until I was probably 15 or 16 years old.
My mother would drive us to the,
to the nearest train,
stop,
and we'd take the train in and hang around all day and then take the train back
out.
And she would meet us.
And you never lost your Boston accent while I still have a little bit of quite a
bit of it.
Did you on the radio?
I feel like if I didn't know who you were,
I'd be like,
Oh that guy's from Boston,
you know,
for sure it's not,
what if I'm home for awhile,
then you'll,
it really sinks in.
I said talking to my friends and then it really comes back.
But I kind of have,
you know,
kind of by coastal,
La in there and a lot of Midwestern,
cause Billy,
my wife is from the Midwest and you know,
so it kind of kind of smooths that out a little bit once in a while was,
you know,
it's like,
I forgot what the letter I saw it sounds like.
And uh,
uh,
it's um,
when I was reading the audio book,
I was,
I was afraid to that too much of it would get in there or maybe they should be
more of it.
I don't know.
I just,
I just didn't,
I just gave up on it and just kind of got through it.
You know?
Yeah.
It's one of the,
it's a one o those weird accents that people kind of don't like to have.
For some reason,
I didn't like to have it.
I got rid of mine.
I heard myself on TV when I was 19 and I was like,
Jesus Christ,
I sound like that.
I was like,
well,
really,
we were really working had,
and I was like,
oh no.
Is that me?
Uh,
but uh,
when I drink
it comes out,
it's still write a little bit,
a little bit.
Definitely.
Or if you're on the road,
I've noticed that like if we go back to Boston and I seed,
if we go back to Boston,
I drink with Mike Savage friends from high school.
I remember those animals we met at a,
the common connection.
One night,
if I go drinking with them,
it'll probably come out four or five beers in and it's out.
Well,
Liz,
there's guys that do a whole comedians that do a whole,
the whole routine is,
is all about the bus.
Steve Sweeney?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
You know Steve Sweeney?
That's right.
He's a riot.
Oh,
one of the greatest of all time.
It's a goddamn shame that people don't know who that guy is.
Pac Man,
if you're from Boston,
you go to see Steve Sweeney.
He thinks he's the funniest dude has ever walked the face of the planet.
Oh yeah.
But it's like so much of it was Boston centered when he would leave and go out
of town,
the people didn't know what the fuck he was talking about.
Right.
Oh yeah.
That,
that was the one thing,
you know,
that,
that he had a truck,
we had trouble,
like making it out of that,
that area.
You know.
How old were you when,
when Aerosmith cracked?
Well,
I'd say a
good cracked,
that's an interesting word.
When you take through public consciousness came huge.
It took us,
took us a while,
man.
I mean there were places where we could sell out in Boston load arenas and,
and uh,
well actually Detroit was the first town that really took us in.
Really?
Yeah.
Cause it,
cause the Detroit was known as like they'll rock city,
you know,
they at the Mc five and the stooges,
I mean hardcore rock and uh,
and they love j.
Geils was,
you know,
in my mind,
one of the best live bands ever and his band I ever saw live man.
I mean,
they're just so good.
you just great.
You know,
and I can remember seeing them when they actually started their thing where they
would start with just three guys on stage and then another guy would come up in
other guy and then Peter would finish his radio show and come down and blow
everybody away with the last four songs or whatever.
And um,
so anyway,
they went to Detroit,
they own Detroit.
And so when we were,
we were,
you know,
making our way through it,
play in the clubs and you know,
Pennsylvania,
Ohio,
whatever.
When we hit Detroit,
Detroit was ready to hear another band from Boston because they loved j Geils.
They kind of paved the way for us,
you know,
so we would,
we went to Detroit and g over the course of six months.
One of the single got rereleased and then we went back to Boston and all of a
sudden we were filling clubs and Phil,
and it was,
it was,
I was probably 20,
21 when that started to happen.
Wow.
21 and 21 when it all started to really come together.
I mean,
what a crazy thing to deal with at 21.
Well,
yeah,
it doesn't seem that,
I mean now,
I dunno man.
Um,
I mean what worked a long while to get it there,
but still there were places we could go and still be like third on the bill
right now.
And so we'd have to like conquer Texas,
you know what I mean?
Or conquer,
conquer Florida,
you know,
and uh,
um,
cause we really didn't get much love from the,
from the critics and the,
and all that.
And uh,
but the fans were there,
you know,
and there were all,
they had heard about us or hurt us and they'd be singing along with the,
with the,
with the record.
And
finally we,
we,
we could go anywhere in the states.
Well when you guys hit,
you guys were a force of nature.
I mean it's like seriously one of the greatest bands of all time.
I mean,
it's gotta be an amazing thing to be a part of,
one of the greatest bands of all time.
I mean it's got to feel surreal and in some ways,
well I sometimes I can't relate to it.
I mean frankly,
I mean it's really,
really,
I mean they read off the,
the things,
you know,
I mean lately,
doing the,
the press tour and stuff for the book and all that and they'll read these
statistics and I,
this stuff in there that I don't even know cause I don't read that.
Really get into that stuff.
Yeah.
Two guys had some,
some hits that were just so fucking bad ass,
you know,
I mean to this day,
to this day I hear train,
keep a rolling crane kept rolling.
God Damn,
that's a good song.
It's so many songs that were so good.
Like every now and then a band comes along that has like this real,
like obviously ACDC has a very ACDC songs.
There's a sound ACDC,
but with your guitar plan and Tyler's vocals,
you guys had such a distinctive sound like you could hear,
I'm going the first couple like walk this way.
You can hear the first couple notes that this is a Goddamn Aerosmith song.
There's like a thing to it,
like a feeling that you heard when you listen to it.
And I mean when I was a kid,
dude,
we're in high school and we were play your songs.
You know back then everybody had boom boxes.
I used to walk to a,
I worked at Newport creameries ice cream place and I used to walk with a boombox
on my shoulder.
That's how you listened to music.
Nobody had any other way to listen to music.
So take this fucking boom box and my shoulder.
Well the cassette right?
Yeah.
Yeah because that's where big.
We're very excited.
We didn't have eight tracks back then.
I went,
the eight tracks were amazing.
I can remember hearing one once and the guys that would cause,
cause they only have so much,
you know,
before they switched and they would,
they would edit the songs.
They wouldn't be listening to the songs.
They would just edit it because at the time was up,
you know,
so I'll have to have to five minutes on one,
one track,
it would click and then like in the,
in the middle of a verse,
it would just fade away and then it would fade back in after it and switch to
the next.
It was,
you know,
just some guy at Columbia,
another,
another tape or another album.
You just,
okay,
well the stopwatch and he would just click it over and it was really frustrating
to hear it.
That or
the middle of a guitar Solo,
you go,
wait a second.
That's my favorite,
you know?
And we had no control over that,
Yeah.
It was so archaic in a way.
But you,
you go back now and you think about it,
it's the transition.
But from a track two cassette to CD to where we are today with digital music,
it seems so fast when you look at it in terms of like the history of the world.
It's like a blink of the eye.
And we went from this thing that's not spool to some shit that's in the cloud.
I mean,
it really,
it happened like that.
It's like money.
It's just there.
Yeah.
I mean in all,
in our lifetime it changed so fast.
It's so,
so much,
it seems like a long time ago to us.
But in the,
in the sense of like the human race,
it's nothing,
it's no time at all.
Well,
it's funny,
over the last couple of days people have handed me,
um,
vinyl a gap and it's like,
uh,
I don't,
of course I don't have a turntable where I'm staying and,
uh,
but I'm thinking of going and picking one up,
a small one and those small,
you know,
portable ones,
just so I can listen to what's on the,
on the vinyl.
Yeah.
Sturgill Simpson gave us,
they're tucked away.
They're in the back.
Sturgill Simpson is this fucking badass country singer who's on,
um,
he's on tonight on the Jimmy Fallon show.
He was on last week and he gave me these vinyls and it made me want to go get a
record player and I think I'm going to do it.
I'm going to dive and get one for here.
Right.
She get one for here.
I mean you don't need to spend a ton of money and they're only like a good one.
There's only a couple hundred bucks and they're coming back.
Yeah.
Hey,
it's great.
It's one of my,
one of my favorite things to do is go downstairs from my office and I got some
old old studio monitors that are like 40 years old and I've got $200 a turn
table and a little damp and that's it.
And I got the old Hendrix records and stuff.
And of course they,
they still like crackle and scratch and all that.
But man,
there's so much sound to that to that and so much warmth.
It's amazing.
That's exactly how steroid will described it.
He described it as a warmth.
Yeah.
I don't understand cause I'm,
I'm musically retarded.
So yeah,
but it's mission.
You
just know what you like.
That's all I know.
What I like.
That's it.
That's all it matters.
Yeah.
It doesn't have to be.
You can,
you can,
I mean obviously up to kind of learn a little bit more about the technical part
of it,
you know,
cause I make records and record,
but um,
but,
but basically it's just like what you're used to and what you like.
And that's the shame of it had a lot of people don't have never really
experienced final.
And so,
so they're fine with the little ear buds,
you know what I mean?
Everything is squashed down to 16 bit and all that stuff.
And so it's,
it sounds fine.
You know,
actually for classical music,
uh,
cds worked pretty good because you could really start to pick out the different
instruments,
you know?
But for rock and roll,
it just,
were you just looking in a really like,
say an DC record,
you know,
you're listening to two guitars and vocal and drums and,
and the singer and,
uh,
you know,
there's so much space and air on a vinyl record,
it's just amazing.
And then of course,
the old,
old recordings are just brilliant.
When I was wrestling in high school,
we used to come out to lightening strikes.
That's the one song that they,
that they did when I wasn't in the band.
Oh really?
I really liked and I,
and I keep saying,
why don't we play what lightening strikes,
you know,
cause I,
it was really good,
you know,
a good friend of ours wrote it.
And uh,
so,
you know,
I,
I don't care.
I mean,
it's a,
it's a cool song,
you know,
and uh,
I dunno.
It just kinda gets pushed to the side.
It's a great song.
That's cool.
Good for you though.
You don't,
it doesn't bother,
you know,
you guys had this separation period and then you came back.
How much time did you separate for that wasn't gone about five years.
What was it like to just not be in the band and then come back?
Well,
it was,
uh,
on the,
to get out there and play without any,
any hassle,
without any,
any,
any like a backstage bullshit,
any of that crap,
you know,
that was building up and then built up.
Um,
it was great.
I just loved it because I could just get on stage play and I've had guys,
it was more like a party.
I just pick guys that can play and like the party and that's what we did.
So when you were doing the Joe Perry project,
you were,
you were essentially doing clubs and small theaters and just appreciating the
music again.
Yeah.
And just getting out there and,
uh,
of course I was going through some personal stuff that was not so much fun,
so kind of avoided Boston quite a bit.
But,
um,
on the other hand I also had a young son that I was trying to see it at that
time,
as,
as I was going through the divorce.
I also had my first son and uh,
you know,
so I wanted to get back to see him.
But man,
I loved being on the road.
And,
uh,
so it was a kind of a turbulent time,
but just strictly from the,
from the playing part.
I loved it,
but it was so good when you guys got back together again.
Well that was the,
you know,
again,
Billy,
my wife who I met when I was in a project really didn't know about Aerosmith.
I'm,
she was traveling around the country and,
and kind of missed,
missed the times we were there and just didn't listen to that kind of music.
I mean,
was into,
you know,
like college radio and alternative music.
And she didn't really know what an Aerosmith was.
And,
uh,
by,
you know,
I didn't walk around with an Aerosmith tee shirt on and you know,
that Shit,
you know,
she just remembers seeing me play and thinking,
oh,
this guy might have some potential,
you know,
somebody that somebody saw him and noticed them.
And in fact,
she didn't even think the band I was with was,
it was my van.
She thought it was the singer of the band,
you know,
but whatever.
But the point is,
is,
is it coming from her,
her objective point of view,
it was like,
cause I was thinking of joining up with some other guys,
like,
like Alice,
Alice Cooper or something.
And she said,
well,
if you're gonna play with play with that level people,
why don't,
why don't you just go back with those guys?
You know?
I mean,
you guys had a good time and obviously you did did well.
So what's,
why not?
And it was like I sat down and I went,
well,
why not?
You know,
the dust had settled,
a lot of personal stuff had been settled.
And,
uh,
so I started talking with Steven and then the other guys,
and over a couple of months we put it back together.
He guys came back with back in the saddle.
Well,
well,
yeah.
Um,
I mean that was a great fucking song.
We'll come back to,
well,
we had the,
all those great songs from the 70s that,
that,
uh,
they still the backbone of,
of what we play today,
you know.
And uh,
the first record with Geffin we did was not that hot,
I don't think.
I mean,
we've hardcore fans,
you know,
some of them like it,
but,
uh,
you know,
it w it obviously wasn't what we could do,
but by then we were still,
we were still partying.
And it just wasn't working.
So that's when we cleaned up and then we did for a minute vacation.
This gotta be a really difficult thing to manage when you're,
you're,
you're in a rock and roll band,
there's drugs,
there's partying,
there's all this craziness with the Xos,
all lot of work that's gotta be done.
Right.
There's a lot of writing and rehearsing and a lot of practicing and the
managing,
all that stuff.
And then managing all the Egos seems to me to be like probably one of the most
difficult things about bands.
And it seems to be what always happens,
the egos and then the drugs and then everything falls apart.
Yeah.
Well the drugs definitely exacerbate the whole,
the whole thing.
I mean,
what,
whatever.
And in fact some of the most most fucked up stuff that happened to the band
happened after we cleaned up,
you know?
And,
and again,
that's kind of one of the reasons I wrote the book was because I felt like
people should know just how hard it is or how it has been to keep the band
together.
That's why there's so few of us that have,
that have managed to,
to,
to be,
to make 40,
you know,
42 years now,
and it's tough.
Um,
the behind the scenes stuff and uh,
a lot of that just never came out,
uh,
especially the last 20 years.
So,
um,
you know,
I felt like it should be documented somehow,
so.
Well,
the book is kicking ass,
man.
Uh,
I was at the bookstore the other day and it was number four in the New York
Times bestseller list.
I mean,
that's gigantic.
They said,
yeah,
you were number four on their little,
well,
you know,
the little shelf,
whereas all the numbers let me know what number it was.
That's nice.
Well,
you know,
it was a,
maybe an Aerosmith fence,
stuck it in there.
Maybe it was number seven.
And he was like,
fuck was
came in at eight or something like that.
Uh,
when at first,
the first thing,
I mean,
we were just happy to make the top,
the top seller.
I mean,
whatever we did,
we had no idea.
But look at that on Amazon,
four and a half stars.
Wow.
With 29 reviews.
That's gigantic.
That's pretty fucking huge.
Wow.
Well
still people with stenting and read it,
I guess.
Well,
definitely the reading it,
it's it for,
for a lot of folks who grew up during that time,
you know,
uh,
I was in high school in the 80s and you guys were just fucking super gigantic.
It's a,
it's a part of our life,
you know?
I mean,
there's like,
there's cultural icon bands.
Van Halen was a cultural icon band for me.
Um,
when David Lee Roth left van Halen,
I was depressed.
I was literally depressed.
I couldn't believe it.
Uh,
you know,
I mean,
Sammy Hagar,
it seems like a great guy.
He didn't nothing against Sammy Hagar,
but I was like,
what the fuck is this?
Like,
what have you done?
what are you doing with my life?
When I was a kid,
my friend Jay had on his car,
John Rather his brother Jay,
my friend John,
the Jewett's,
John Jay and his brother Cliffy and cliff.
He had a fucking 65 GTO.
Is the sweetest card ever seen in my life.
It was candy Apple Red 65 GTO that had chirps.
Chirps was his,
uh,
his license plate because he would,
it was shift gears and make the tire squeal.
He would do that all over the place.
But John had a van Halen license plate.
It was like V,
you know,
abbreviated it in some fucking sort of way.
But we were all,
we do the,
like the Aerosmith logo on our notebooks and we do the van Halen logo.
You remember that?
I do it.
Kiss logo,
my notebook.
And then when fucking David Lee Roth left van Halen,
we were devastated.
And it was the same thing when,
when you left Aerosmith,
everybody was like,
what the fuck Aerosmith without Joe Perry?
What the fuck?
Yeah.
Well,
hey,
it was weird.
It was very weird.
I mean,
that's depressing.
Yeah.
I had to,
I had the bus loose.
I mean,
it was just too much.
we literally walked off stage.
I have to sell us to 60,000 people.
And that was the last Gig I did with five years,
you know.
Um,
but we stayed friends all through it.
I mean,
we called each other and said hi,
you know,
and,
and that kind of thing.
And it wasn't like we were like,
oh,
I'll never talk to that motherfucker again.
Really wasn't like that.
I mean,
cause it was so much,
so much stuff going on outside of the band.
But I think that if the band had been,
and I've said this a million times,
if we had been clearer,
we would have just taken a vacation and just kind of,
you know,
relaxed.
So taking a couple of years and let things settle.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I would think that when you're in a band,
it's that huge and worldwide and touring,
just the sheer rpms that you're operating at.
Just a pain,
just a touring and press and fucking crowds and Qigong and coke and booze and,
ah,
he said it,
man.
I'll tell you part of the ringing in my ears from that,
just that.
Sure.
I'll tell you.
Do you have that tonight as shit?
No,
I don't.
I do.
I do have a little bit of a hearing loss and a couple of frequencies,
but,
but I don't have the,
the tinnitus.
How did you avoid getting that?
Did you pull up with earplugs in?
No,
I've been,
I've fortunately have really smaller ear canals and I don't have it.
It's like I've been,
uh,
just really lucky and you know,
I guess the,
if you get enough rest,
rest,
rest your ears between,
between,
you know,
the times it gets hit and also on stage,
it's not as loud as,
it's not like I'm standing in front of the marshals all night long and you know
what I mean?
And I'm moving around.
It gets loud.
It's not,
not as loud.
So,
um,
I have to think it's that and just,
just good genes.
I've been lucky,
you know,
and uh,
um,
I don't have that,
that,
that constant ringing.
The guys get,
some guys are fucked.
It's really scary.
That worked for the bands like that would be backstage or fuck,
like a lot of guys that work at venues,
he concert venues there.
Fuck cause nobody knew back then.
Nobody knew in the 70s and the eighties yad to keep your ear is clogged up or
you'd be in trouble.
Yeah,
well it's,
they get all the charts now.
There's a,
you know,
like a half an hour if this db and a half an hour,
this db an hour,
you know,
it was going to,
there's a place where it actually starts causing permanent damage.
So you can have the all,
they have it all charted out and we've gone,
I've checked out the amps and see what,
you know exactly how loud they are and all that and all that.
And so,
um,
you know,
but uh,
but again,
we kind of a,
I wonder around the stage a lot and there's a lot of times it isn't now in,
um,
anyway,
I've just been fortunate not to have that.
Some bands,
they just really fucking crank it though.
Right.
Well,
you know,
it's more like a microphone closer to your face.
They do,
you know what the guys,
the drummers are the ones that get it the worst cause they,
you know,
they're sitting right next to this snare drum and the symbols,
and it's constant in there,
right,
right next to it.
So they're the ones that are more liable to get it then than anybody.
Do most guys now like plug their ears up where,
or some sort of
deduction?
You know,
I said,
I guess,
I don't know.
I mean,
uh,
a lot of them with the in ear monitors,
you know,
especially with the seniors and that blocks a lot out.
But it also,
it's really easy to turn those up too loud and that's,
and that's constant as see,
that's,
that's where you can get in trouble,
you know,
because you keep turning it up,
you get excited,
you here in the audience.
And so it's a cause.
It's like,
you know,
constantly have a Nissan turned up.
You know,
you don't have anything relative because you to get used to it and you,
you're not feeling it.
So you turn it up a little more.
So it's easy to get carried away with the,
with uh,
the ear things.
I mean,
most of them have,
have like a limiter on them so that they don't go over certain DB,
but it's the constant thing that's more,
that's,
it's more damaging then say like just getting hit like with,
uh,
just one,
one zap of like 130 DB.
You know what I mean?
Me,
they say that about gunfire too.
Like if you,
if you hear one big boom,
you're okay.
But if you hear a bunch of over and over where if you're at a range,
right?
If you ever like you,
if you collect guns,
do you ever use those electronic ones that muffle out the gunshot sounds but
they actually amplify voices.
I have somebody I've never gotten around to use them.
Other amazing try that.
Right.
It's really interesting.
Weird.
Yeah,
it's crazy.
Like you,
you can have a conversation,
you can hear like rappers,
right?
Like,
like not rapper like a black guy.
But I mean like a or a white guy wants to be a black guy.
I mean like,
like a piece of paper.
Like you can hear like gum wrappers like really loud.
It's like you hear things louder than you would normally,
but then somehow or another when a gunshot goes off,
it muffles it.
Right.
I can see like hunting would be really good because then you can hear,
hear what's going on out there and uh,
but um,
I just never had a chance to use them.
I usually just put it in plugs and you know,
and that's when you go to,
that's good enough.
Yeah.
Do you shoot a lot?
Collect all these couches?
I can,
you know,
when I get home or when I'm up in the woods up in Vermont,
you know Anthony from opie and Anthony of course Anthony's.
It's fucking crazy.
He carries a gun with him everywhere.
He's got at least a hundred guns.
Know he doesn't even know how many he has.
He's got it all over his house.
Yeah.
Hey,
we're in,
we're in the USA,
man.
We're,
we're in the privileged,
privileged country when it comes to that.
Yeah.
Well,
you have a gun tattoo on your forearm.
What's that all about?
That I do,
um,
says come and take it.
Oh,
whoa.
And the Greek and Greek,
you know,
when,
what's his name?
Leah.
And I just was at the,
at the thing there with the,
with the Persians coming in and the Persian Guy said,
uh,
you know,
throw down your spear and we'll let you go.
And he just said,
come and take it.
And so that's the,
that's what that is.
That's American is fuck,
Hey,
I've gone to that too.
That says,
come and take it.
It's about as American as you can get.
Unless it was an eagle with a heart on hovering over the guy.
That would be the only thing that will be more American
constitution is deficit for a reasonable,
you know.
Well,
yeah,
it's,
it's a hot topic for debate.
It's one of those things where people will say some pretty ridiculous things.
It's people hear something like this thing that happened in Seattle and a school
shooting where this kid shot this girl that was apparently horrible,
terrible.
But that's a mental illness issue to me.
The fact that he had a gun is just the tool that he used to carry out his
mentally ill idea.
It's,
it has almost nothing to do with it.
I mean obviously gone makes it easier,
but we have millions of guns in this country.
Millions.
And if you look at the amount of actual violence that takes place,
is it regrettable that it happens because you know,
be someone uses a gum that,
Yap.
So apps a Fuckin lutely but there's so many factors that lead to someone doing
something horrible.
The tool that they use.
It shouldn't be that you're going to take those tools away from everybody who
would never do that in a million years.
That seems ridiculous to me.
It just doesn't,
it doesn't seem logical.
We don't live in a perfect world where everything is black and white and easy to
solve.
Exactly.
It's,
it's,
so,
you know,
and I have issues with certain things about like say the what the NRA says.
You know what I mean?
It's like there.
I mean,
I think that a lot,
we have have some laws that should be enforced,
you know,
more stringently and,
and I think that it should be more standardized.
I mean,
it's crazy that you can,
they can have a carry a gun in one state,
then you cross the border and you're totally,
and you're a felon,
you know,
it's just,
it should be standardized,
you know,
and they should have background checks that the,
that they do should be more stringent and all that.
But you know,
uh,
to say that we're going to just snap your fingers and everything's going to be
nice if we just ban guns.
I mean,
I was in Australia a couple of,
a couple of trips ago and I remember there was a sky that was walking around the
streets carrying an ax.
And when apparently he hadn't done anything violent,
but just the fact that he was like,
obviously not right.
You know,
when people saw him and they looked out of me and,
and you know,
it was living in a different world,
let's say,
and not,
it was just carrying this acts around,
you know,
walking down the street downtown and you know,
I mean,
who knew when the guy's gonna turn around and swing it?
You know?
And so it's like you said,
it's like,
it's,
it's really not the tool.
It's,
it's the guy wielding it.
And that's the,
that's a big part of the issue.
And the fact is that this country was,
I mean,
it's such a part of our culture.
there isn't it,
I mean,
how many statues are there with guys stand and they will the flintlock in their
heads.
You know what I mean?
It is definitely a part of how the people that originally found this country
liberated themselves from these kings and queens and the,
the,
the monarchies that we're in control of,
uh,
the population Europe and the reason why they came to America in the first
place.
But,
so it's slavery.
It's like,
it's one of those things like that's a part of our foundation of our country.
And so as black people in shackles,
so it's not really exactly something to be excited about.
I think that there's not enough laws when it comes to,
um,
making it difficult to a gun.
I think that you should have to take a test,
you should have to know what you're doing.
I think it's absolutely ridiculous that all you have to do is have a background
check.
And if you're not a crazy person or you haven't been in jail,
you can get a gun.
But you gotta you gotta go through a bunch of fucking hoops and ladders to get a
driver's license.
Right?
Like how do you not have to have a really detailed understanding of how to be
safe with a firearm?
What's the correct use of a firearm?
What are the laws of,
of,
of using a firearm,
what are the laws and as far as state by state and how you protect yourself.
You know,
everyone now is aware,
the Florida's got some fucking wacky laws cause the Zimmerman case and you know,
there's other states that are even more loose than Florida is when it comes to
what you can do in fucking Arizona.
You could just walk around with a gun.
All right.
I mean they,
they have open carry the,
yeah.
But then you also look at the,
uh,
crime rate.
And in most states that have have,
you're allowed to have a gun in some form or another,
most of the crime rates are lower,
but then,
then,
you know,
there's,
there's ways they can skew the,
the,
the numbers,
the numbers and,
and,
you know,
make it look better for one than the other.
And in a lot of other things have to be taken into account,
but,
but overall that the states that have guns have a lower a lower crime rate.
But,
you know,
um,
again,
there has,
there are other factors involved.
But,
um,
I think that people should,
uh,
it should be more standardized and it should be treated with more respect.
But I don't think that at this point anybody's going to be taking the,
again,
they take away the guns.
The criminals will have guns,
you know,
letting them go cause they made illegal,
it's like,
come on,
you use this too late.
It's like trying to take salt out of the ocean.
Like good luck.
That's ridiculous.
So it's too much.
And it's also my,
my feeling on it is like,
okay,
well who's going to get to decide?
Is it going to be the federal government?
Well,
what a wonderful job they've done of regulating marijuana.
Fucking locking little kids up in jail.
I mean there's,
there's people that are in jail for the rest of their life for marijuana and you
want me to trust the same people to regulate firearms,
fuck off.
You know,
they,
they've done a terrible job and what they've done with our tax dollars have done
a terrible job with how they've mitigated natural disasters like Katrina and
diseases and what they're doing with Ebola.
They've done a shit job across the board.
So the idea that we're going to let the federal government or I'll allow these
people that are in control of the federal government,
I should say,
cause you know,
what is the federal government,
you know,
it's,
it's a group that's supposed to keep everybody safe and an order in this whole
country,
but they're just a bunch of fucking assholes.
They get elected for jobs or get hired for jobs and try to make their jobs as
easy as possible.
Running things did,
this doesn't make any sense to me.
That's why I think something like the NRA is actually important.
You need a counterbalance to the,
the,
the wackiness of the knee jerk reactionary people that just want to pull things
away,
right?
We need to keep all the guns away from people.
You're not going to do that.
You need to accept the fact that there's a fucking 700 million gun collection in
this country.
I mean,
who knows how many guns there are.
I Dunno.
It's probably more guns than people.
Fuck of a lot.
That's it.
Right?
That's the exact right amount.
The other thing is it's like again,
who,
I mean just because you have one,
it doesn't mean you safe that you exactly know it's been,
I think Hemingway said it's probably the for like a,
a small weapon.
Pr is probably the more,
more bullets have been fired and mist than any other weapon in history.
And it was something to Hemingway said,
but uh,
I mean frankly I'd be more afraid of you with your bare hands,
with the training you've had than say somebody that comes bursting in with a,
with a gun waving a gun around.
You know what I mean?
Because you've,
it's training.
It's,
it's like the whole thing.
I mean guys that are trained and trained and trained and one,
all these,
you know,
sharp shooting stuff and it's like they get an altercation in the line of duty
and they fire 40 rounds and they miss.
Everyone did definitely panic.
So sure.
It's definitely not a,
you know,
I think that they just need to tighten up the laws.
Well.
Also we know people.
This one,
one of the arguments people say,
well the the laws,
the second amendment was written back when they had muskets and today you have
ar 15 is you have semiautomatic rifles,
you have all these crazy guns that are super accurate and long range scopes.
This is absolutely true,
but one thing that people need to take into consideration is that there's also a
thing called drones.
And what we have now is nothing in comparison to the reality of warfare in other
countries.
Like what we're,
what we're doing right now in other countries with drones when they're firing
missiles from flying robots right now,
those are only in the hands of the military.
Who's to say that that's how it's going to be 50 years from now?
Who's to say that's how it's going to be 30 years from now?
There's gonna come a time where we're going to have to trust that people don't
just send a drone over to your house and eliminate your fucking building.
And that sounds preposterous,
but it's not they,
it's not.
They do.
It all can happen.
Yeah.
I mean,
it's like
not just the government,
but regular people are going to have access to that technology.
It's right.
It's just go online and you can,
you can buy the drones now.
These Helen's,
he's that can lift a couple of pounds.
Yeah.
Who knows what the,
what the hell?
I mean,
so it's again,
it's like people behind the stuff,
you know,
the carry this stuff.
It's,
so,
anyway,
that's a
going to have to address mental illness in this country.
I mean that's,
that's a giant issue and I don't think pharmaceutical drug companies want us to
do that for sure.
Because they're making unbelievable amounts of money,
just medicating people to sending pills into people's lives.
And some of it is helping people.
Again,
that's not a black and white issue either.
There's a lot of people that take antidepressants and psychotic medication is
doing a world of good for them.
I know personally,
people whose lives have benefited tremendously.
I have friends that were on the verge of suicide,
right.
And they started taking antidepressants and SSRS,
and now they're happy and healthy and they're doing great and I'm so happy that
they exist for that reason.
But again,
this isn't a black white issue because if you look at school shootings and you
look at these mass shootings and you look at the amount of those people that are
on anti psychotic or ssrs and all these different medications,
it's all,
it's almost like 90 something percent.
It's incredible how many people are on it.
So you have to wonder how much of what's happening with these school shootings
in these different mass killings.
Is this associated with powers of these drugs?
The fact that these people can detach themselves from these crimes,
the detach themselves from violent acts,
we,
you know,
we don't know.
We don't know exactly what we're doing.
We're dabbling with the human mind,
especially when we're dealing with truly troubled people that maybe didn't
develop properly when they were children in the mechanism for understanding and
compassion just isn't.
There,
just isn't there.
And you're dealing with people who were abused.
You're dealing with people who are isolated and bullied and then you're giving
them these disassociative drugs and you're giving them access to guns and Whoa,
you got a fucking huge problem and then America will go,
which a gun problem,
the fuck it's a gun problem,
right.
It's not a gun problem.
I totally agree.
Totally.
I mean that's,
that's it.
That's the problem is,
is they,
they don't take the medication is what the,
you know,
my experience has been,
we'll like when we've had people you know,
that have found out where we live so to speak,
they've gone off their medication,
you know what I mean?
And the,
and then they're like,
uh,
reading anyway.
I don't want to know you get do that anymore.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
We have a good buddy that had a,
he,
ah,
he's a great guy,
but he got off his medication and went wonky and I started getting emails from
people,
Hey,
our friend is having an issue here.
He's off his medication.
When would figure out a way to get him and get him back on his medication.
And when he was off his medication,
he was just gone though.
It was just,
it wasn't the same guy.
Right.
But when he was on it,
great guy.
It's like you said,
it's so,
it has its place.
It's just,
it gets overused and you know,
the drug companies going around and they just handed the stuff out for free to
the doctors and the doctors.
Fine.
You know,
that's the,
that's the new cut.
The new disease does your,
that's on the cover of time,
you know,
so let's it ask your doctor what this can do for you.
Oh Man.
Ask Your doctor,
ask your doctor,
you know,
and then too much,
will cause a heart attack.
You may drop dead.
You may be violent diarrhea,
right.
Suicidal thoughts.
That's my favorite suicidal thoughts for antidepressants cause suicidal
thoughts,
bleeding,
bleeding from your ears.
I mean all that stuff.
And it's like in the fine print,
you know,
again,
it's the issue that it's,
these are,
everybody wants to have like,
we need to do this.
We know we need to examine this issue.
There's not clear cut situation.
It's not a black or white situation.
Right.
It's this very bizarre,
nuanced,
complex issue that we only deal with when the fucking thing explodes.
We only deal with it when someone walks in with school and start shooting
everybody up by Columbine and then we start dealing with it.
But when that's not happening,
we don't,
we don't address it.
We move on with our lives cause we have mortgages and student loans and fucking
traffic and our kids are screaming and you just,
it's,
it's easy to forget.
It's easy to forget that we live in this incredibly medicated society and it
doesn't always work.
And it's tough.
I mean,
the,
the way that they read them,
the mainstream press,
and they say the economy's doing better,
economy is not doing better.
I mean,
it's tough out there,
you know?
And so people award for about day to day stuff.
I mean,
they're living in,
it's like a,
it's really easy to not worry about,
you know,
what happened in some state and wherever and,
so it's,
it's,
it's really tough,
you know,
uh,
to,
to focus on some of those things and,
and,
and do something about it,
you know?
Yeah.
I don't understand the economy.
Do you understand the economy?
Not at all.
I mean,
just the people there.
Well,
I do,
I do understand that too many,
too many jobs are outsourced.
You know what I mean?
And,
and I saw it happened in my hometown,
you know,
and it was like self contained place.
Everybody worked there.
They made every part that they needed in that factory.
And it turned out,
uh,
you know,
these,
these complicated machines,
every,
it got bought up by a big company and then they started taking the,
the place apart.
People started losing their jobs.
And it's,
the town basically is just a bedroom community now for,
uh,
you know,
for a commute to Boston or wherever they can find a job.
Well,
Detroit,
which you brought up earlier.
Yeah.
We filmed the television show in Detroit and man,
I couldn't believe the amount of poverty that I was seeing in there.
I mean people always talk about third world countries and how horrible third
world countries are.
D,
there's areas of Detroit that you'd be better off in third world country,
you know,
at least in third world country,
maybe you could live off the land.
I mean you're,
you're in an urban environment where these poor fucking people,
man.
There were some people that why was there,
they were,
they were fishing in this river that was a,
one of,
it's voted more rated as one of the most polluted rivers in the country.
And these people were pulling out fish to eat cause they were starving.
I mean they were just hungry and there was not one,
there was a bunch of poor people.
They were fishing in this river and pulling these fish out and you know,
it smelled,
it was next to a factory,
had fucking stunk.
It was next to Zug island.
And there's all this,
this shit in the water.
You looking at those,
you know,
that rainbow sort of Shane that gets on the water when oil and gas,
you know that nasty shit.
Yeah.
It was the t shirt on site.
Was it the dump I used to play play in what are the EBT?
What's EBT?
It's not bet.
Nah,
it's a,
it's a like a parody.
Yeah.
That's all I'm telling you.
But yeah,
there's these,
I mean,
did you ever see Roger and me,
the documentary,
Michael Moore About Flint,
Michigan?
No,
I don't know.
It's about them closing an auto pen or a plant in Flint,
Michigan.
And now these poor folks who their entire livelihood was based on this auto
plant and this,
this,
this business and it just went away.
And then the,
the entire town just fell apart.
And it's where Michael Maura grew up.
So he sort of documented this whole tragedy unfolding.
It's unbelievably depressing because they're trapped.
Yeah.
I mean,
they're in a place that's,
unless they have that,
that factory that there's,
there's,
you know,
like it's a long drive to some place,
any place,
you know,
you could find work.
And it's like,
it's exactly what I'm talking about where I grew up,
you know,
same thing.
So you know,
my uh,
you know,
my background is unlike a lot,
a lot of people and I think that's the core of what the economy is.
I mean,
when we were at the strongest,
we're making everything here,
you know,
and uh,
and it just killed me.
I remember lifting,
lifting some weights somewhere and,
and I'm looking at this,
this 50 pound weight and this is made in China and the telling me that it's
cheaper to make it in China and ship it all the way over here than it is to make
it here and that crazy.
Is that possible?
How is that possible?
It's like,
you know,
and this was 15,
20 years ago,
you know,
when I was going to the gym a lot and checking it out and it was like all this
stuff has made,
made overseas and how can they,
how can they be better for the economy for it to be made over there and which is
talking about dead weight,
you know?
Well,
there was also a bunch of times when things got made overseas and they were way
better too.
That's a,
that's a real issue like made in China was always like a dis,
you know,
like,
oh,
it's made in China.
Like there was always like,
because it means that it was made as cheap as possible.
But when I was growing up it was Japan.
Yeah.
Iphones,
iPhones are all made.
They're made in a factory where people are jumping off the God damn roof,
man.
I mean,
they have nets all around the Foxconn factories because so many people who work
there are jumping off the roof.
They live there and they worked the haven't seen this.
No.
Oh,
it's horrible.
Foxconn had,
and this is the cute thing,
is the way they dress it up,
what they say is,
well,
the percentage of people that commit suicide of these factories is pretty much
the same as a percentage of people that commit suicide in the country.
But what they don't tell you is how many of those fucking people commit suicide
at work?
Unbelieved they live there.
So they're slaves.
They're essentially slaves.
They're making pennies an hour.
I mean,
I dunno what the exact number is,
but it's,
it's not a living wage in this country by any stretch of the imagination.
And these people are so fucking depressed and so overworked that they have to
put nets all around the buildings,
keep them from jumping off the roof.
And that's how you get an iPhone four,
you know,
x 99 instead of,
something more expensive.
It's crazy.
Unbelievable.
No,
I haven't seen one that was,
uh,
that one's new.
I mean,
now,
and we've been watching the,
the bowl of thing and,
uh,
don't you know that how,
how that has been like mismanaged from the start.
I mean,
when at first when we were first reading about it on the UN,
like when you,
you,
you guys are talking about,
you know,
Alex Jones,
all the,
this stuff under,
you know,
the,
the news from all around,
you know,
that they,
uh,
you know,
you,
it's really easy to find on the,
on the Internet.
And I was in New York for,
we were there doing some stuff for the book.
And,
and,
um,
for a week I was reading the New York Times and USA Today and they did not say
one word about the boat of Ebola in 2000 people had already died in,
in Africa.
And it was like not a word in the,
in the mainstream press at least that week.
And it was like,
I'm looking for the news and it's like there's nothing there,
so we have to go digging into the Internet,
you know?
Yeah.
It's weird.
It's weird to just let people fly over from Africa without testing.
I couldn't believe it that
Air France was still
flying in and out,
you know?
And um,
my wife and I are looking at each other.
What is it going on?
Who's,
he was in charge here.
I mean,
the place you'd be like,
they should be,
if they quarantine that back then it would've just stayed there,
you know?
But anyway,
yeah.
Um,
I don't know how dangerous it is.
I'm,
I'm confused by doctors getting it.
That's what gets me so quitting.
We know.
Anyway.
He just guys are in fucking moonsuits.
How are they getting it?
Like the doctors know what's contagious and what's not contagious,
how to treat it,
how to contain it.
So if they're treating it and these doctors without borders,
guys like the guy who,
um,
uh,
tested positive in New York City,
this,
this guy knows he's,
he's aware and how was he getting it?
Then that's the thing.
They don't know about what's going on.
And the thing is,
it's,
it evolves,
it's evolving.
That's where everybody starts,
right?
And it's like,
well,
let's nature,
I mean,
yeah,
what's the,
you know,
and the thing is they,
it,
you know,
it's trying to find that perfect thing between,
uh,
the viruses between killing its host completely.
Because then what good is that?
Because then there's no place to go.
So they want,
so the disease wants to find that perfect level where it doesn't really kill
everybody but it a
place to live.
So this nature,
earth,
the ocean.
Yeah.
I mean,
a lot of ways that's what we are.
and Bill Hicks calls a virus with shoes.
Boy.
That's right.
That's it.
And a lot of ways it's,
it's really what happens all across the board in nature.
You know,
these,
these predators and prey.
And in a way these viruses are sort of symbiotic predators.
They eat us,
but not totally.
They want to just piggyback from one to the other.
These little tiny animals,
man can't see to just,
just small enough
so you can't see it was with the naked eye.
But under a microscope you can see these little weird looking animals and they
are just ready to fuck us over a little yarn.
The kicks our ass.
And then,
you know,
he'd talk,
talk about going out and uh,
you know,
dealing with bears.
I mean,
that's like,
we can,
I can deal with that,
you know what I mean?
But it's really,
there's a lot of Buddha going on there with this,
uh,
with these diseases and what they,
what they know and what they don't,
you know,
it's constantly changing.
It's constantly changing.
And that's the scariest thing about these diseases that they can morph and they
can spread into livestock.
And what they're really terrified of is the,
the,
they see it spreads in bats and a lot of these African communities.
And that's how a lot of people get it,
but they're worried about it,
transferring it to some other livestock.
What was one thing that a lot of folks aren't aware of is a lot of the diseases
that we have when it comes to flus and all these different viruses.
And one I'm killing thousands and thousands of people in this country.
They're transmitted a lot of it through livestock,
right?
Avian flu,
swine flu.
It's uh,
it's because we have this gross way of storing animals.
What we make them live in their own shit and we pack them into these boxes and
we,
right.
And it's just once it catches to one,
I mean,
it's spreading like wildfire
and there's so much part of,
part of the culture in,
in other countries where they,
they live with,
with the animals.
The animals are right there,
you know,
with the,
uh,
I mean,
you go to the fire and it's like,
you know,
the ducks are hanging in the window dead.
But then there's the live ones swimming right in front of them,
you know,
and it's all part of the,
they're reading the eggs right there.
You know what I mean?
So it's,
it's all,
it's,
they live so close,
it's so easy for it to,
to,
uh,
to get,
get spread or,
or to evolve so that it will,
I mean,
boils humans look good,
you know,
so it's,
uh,
you know,
that's a part of the issue,
you know?
But,
uh,
anyway,
it seems like that,
uh,
the whole thing there and not an Africa is like,
I don't know if I saw a headline a couple of nights ago where they actually
thought,
I mean,
and I thought this is a while ago that it,
that somebody had weaponized it and there were testing it because it's really
unusual for it to happen so,
so fast.
So many people,
cause it happens every year.
They get a,
you know,
the get a little,
a bowl,
a little typhus,
a little cholera,
you know,
and they,
they keep it under control.
And that's why they,
they think that they have a handle on it because they've,
they know how to like,
you know,
isolate it.
And it did.
It's seasonal,
like the flu and,
uh,
but for some reason this year,
it just,
the bullet just blew out and it started to two countries that were separated by
another country that,
that didn't have any.
So it's like,
how does that happen?
You know,
without some human intervention,
part of the human intervention can easily just be travel.
The thing about what used to,
and what happens now is the people,
anybody can fly anywhere in the world.
There's not a single place in the world other than like the deep recesses of the
Congo and the Amazon.
It's truly isolated and people could just fly places.
And so if someone catches Ebola,
there's a 21 day incubation period.
So these people are going all over the place and then,
you know,
spreading it.
It's just any real disease that comes along today,
like the Spanish flu did in the early 19 hundreds.
Right?
It's going to kill a lot of people.
I did this show for [inaudible].
Um,
and one of the things that one of the episodes we did was on weaponized,
uh,
viruses and diseases and the experts from Russia and the experts from the United
States.
We're pretty much in agreement.
They said,
we're not worried nearly as much about human created diseases,
but we're worried about is nature or worried about nature,
creating some new pandemic that we do not know how to control and that it hits
the population and just kills a few million people.
And they said it's not a matter of if,
but when.
And so they're just constantly on top of this.
We went out,
went to the Center for Disease Control.
Someone's phone.
Was it,
can you not hear that?
I can hear it.
Okay.
You put it up to your ear.
Um,
we went to the Center for Disease Control in Galveston and it was creepy as
fuck.
Cause they have these four foot thick stone walls with these giant thick glass
windows that they look into and all this crazy ventilation system and
everybody's walking around these vacuum sealed suits and it's fucking
terrifying.
And they're all dealing with Ebola,
these different hemorrhagic viruses that can kill you.
And they were all in agreement there.
Like we are not worried about something that a person creates or worried about.
Nature mutating something and then we can't control it.
That's what they're all worried.
Hello?
Well,
right now I'm worried that they,
that uh,
the TSA has just stepped up there.
They're screening thing if five airports in America and they just started last
week where they're taking your temperature.
So for us,
um,
I'm not sure if it's five or whatever,
but it's the major airports this dot.
And to take people's temperature,
Tsi,
it's fucking coop balls.
I mean,
come on,
want to just get burger king to do it.
I used to,
I used to have a joke about that,
but like they would,
people show up the airport and they'd draw a hat.
Oh Man,
I'm working fries.
I got bombed control.
You know,
it's like this is the same amount of expertise involved in checking old ladies
for bombs.
It is from making a cheeseburger.
I don't know what the fuck they're doing.
Checking some old lady who can't even walk and you think she's a terrorist.
We're taking these kids and,
and uh,
well comes up.
Yeah,
I've got a strip them,
you know?
Yeah.
Well I've seen that there's some videos of them searching children.
There's this,
there was some old lady who literally couldn't walk and they had to help her
into that fucking stupid machine where you keep your hands up.
This,
this lady couldn't walk,
man.
I mean,
she,
they wheeled her up to the machine and she's an obvious pain.
She has to get up and stand and she shaking as she's trying to stand and she
needs to not faking.
You see massive atrophy in her legs.
So she probably spends most of her time in a wheelchair.
She's severely compromised and they're checking her for like,
she's,
she's wired up with a bomb like grand.
He's going to take out the fucking airplane.
Yeah.
But you know,
it's,
it's sad,
but you know what somebody's,
it owes.
The next thing you're going to hear is somebody who had that stupid weird shit
wheelchair wired up.
You know what I mean?
Who knows.
It was not that long ago.
You didn't have to take your shoes off.
Right.
That's fucking Dick Wad tried to blow his shoes up I think.
I think I didn't take off my shoes at the last time.
They're like,
oh it'll keep your shoes on now.
Did you go through the Tsa pre did you might have had a memory check.
I just had normal.
But sometimes they give you pre oh like you don't even realize it.
They put the market on your like I've had,
I've got pre before what?
I didn't even sign up for it.
They just,
for whatever reason,
I don't know.
No,
it's so arbitrary.
It's like yeah,
it's goofy and I can't make any sense of it.
And it's like I have an artificial knee,
so even going through the machine,
which doesn't show my knee,
which it should,
you know.
Um,
cause I've looked at the,
at the screen I still have to get stripped down and I have to still take my
shoes off,
take off the belt.
Do we have to take all his chains off too?
Right.
You've got funny bare teeth.
He got,
there you go.
Well,
what's the user from the last,
not the last time.
Uh,
the family went hunting.
These are from the one of the boards we got.
Oh,
there's a teeth.
Yeah,
I made these,
I made one for each of the boys and me.
Wow.
Instability because we all,
we all scored.
Where'd you guys hunt down in Florida.
There's a reserve down there where they,
uh,
um,
it's,
it's just,
they basically,
the guy doesn't even know what's on the land.
It's just,
you know,
10 square acres or miles cordoned off and you can go out and you can hunt.
Oh.
And so you got a bore and then turn it into a necklace.
Well,
yeah,
they let you on the plane with us and get you fucking take over the plan with
that.
I'll tell you.
And I had a fake a two to three that I had bought.
An Army Navy store was empty and uh,
they,
they make me,
made me take it off and Brazil of all places.
I mean,
I've flown all over the,
all over the world.
I mean,
Japan everywhere.
And when one guy looked at it and said,
well you can't,
you can't take that.
And it's just,
uh,
you know,
I mean it was a real one,
but it didn't have anything.
I mean it was,
I mean,
cause you can shake them and tell if there's anything in it.
It was obviously a dummy.
What,
how'd you get a fake knee?
Um,
while I fell off the stage,
uh,
let's see,
probably going on 30 years ago.
Billy one was it now,
um,
at the end of his show,
it was in Dallas I think.
And I fell off the stage and had basically tore a ligament and we,
she was pregnant and with our first with Tony or first son,
so that,
that makes it almost 29 years ago.
And,
uh,
and I,
we were booked to go into,
on a dive vacation the next day and rather than going and get it operated on,
so I could have been walking the next week.
I said,
well,
we're not going to give up.
The deposit will go on.
We're going to go diving and they'll lift me into the water or whatever.
And it was,
they tried it the first day and it was the most agonizing pain I ever felt.
Cause for some reason the water like separated the,
the knee and all that stuff.
So we couldn't do anything but lay on the beach for two weeks,
which didn't suck.
But it wasn't the dive vacation we had envisioned because Billy couldn't dive
cause she was pregnant and I couldn't dive because my knee was fucked.
And then,
so when I got back,
I,
I had it operated on and
three operations later,
they finally said,
you've got to have it replaced.
The exact damage.
Well,
uh,
abuse,
I mean,
th th th it was torn a torn ligament,
you know,
really common sports injury and football guys get it and they're back playing
the next week.
You know,
when it first happened,
but it wore away in an immoral way more.
And then they had to put in a,
uh,
a tendon from a cadaver,
you know,
and,
so finally,
I,
uh,
I put it off as long as I could,
and then if,
then I just had to have the knee put in.
So when they do an artificial knee,
what they have to saw off the end of your bone and put this thing and screw it
in place like they do now.
Apparently I was sleeping at the time,
um,
as deeply as possible,
I might add,
but apparently they don't.
When I went to sleep,
I saw the tools of the trade and it looked like they were putting,
working on an old car,
you know what I mean?
It's like they got saws and fucking,
you know,
screwdrivers and,
and they're talking about golf,
you know,
and I mean,
and they got a wall full of full of parts because they need,
because everybody's needs different,
you know,
and they don't know,
once they get in there what they're going to need.
So they have just about every part you can imagine that will fit on the wall.
So they,
they do it all the time.
That's all they do with this hospital is knee replacements,
hip replaced,
whatever.
And uh,
a lot of the sports guys go up there in Boston and,
uh,
they,
um,
that's what they do,
I guess.
Like they cut off certain parts and nail nail the thing in there.
And uh,
and this,
there's a couple of pieces of titanium in there as well as some,
some like tough law and other other stuff.
They have better ones now.
I had mine done about,
I don't know,
five or six years ago,
but the thing is nine months later it never got,
it didn't get any better.
It kept staying swollen.
And I went in and had it tested and they said,
you gotta go,
you gotta be operated on the next day.
And we got to go in there and clean it out because it's on the verge of going
septic,
which is
infection and,
and uh,
do you know what it was either staff or something.
It's one of the two that they did.
People get all the time and they,
they think that it happened when I was getting the first one put in,
when I got the knee put in and,
and my body fought it off as long as it could.
And then finally the,
it just was on the verge of going,
you know,
what happens is it gets into your blood and it gets,
you get blood poisoning and then he can really get sick and then you,
then you were in the hospital for months if you're wanting to shoo sure.
Operations,
right.
Well,
hey,
sick people go to hospitals,
men and it's,
they do everything they can do,
you know,
um,
to keep it clean.
But it's,
it's a,
it is a big issue about that.
The getting the infection.
Well it's also a big issue because of antibiotics because antibiotics fight off
these strains.
The only one most virulent strain survive and then it becomes,
they become antibiotic resistant and that's where it gets really scary because
people can get these Murcia,
there's medication resistance trains and you know,
they're on the verge of death and it's touch and go the whole way there.
Pump pumping them full of medication.
They're in a hospital and they're still on the verge of death is almost nothing
they can do to fight off some of those.
When they,
when it gets bad,
it really gets a grip on you.
And again,
same thing you were talking about earlier,
it's like,
it just,
it's,
uh,
something that's feeding off of you.
It's like a virus that just gets a hold of you and you know,
you are the host now
and you're wide open.
I mean,
the thing is laid,
opened it,
it's like just,
you know,
here it's picnic time,
you know?
Yeah.
Tufts scary stuff.
So now when you walk around,
you don't have a limp at all.
Well,
it's,
that's the good part about it.
It's like it's working.
Well,
it doesn't hurt when I'm,
um,
like 90% of the time there's,
I have to,
like if I'm on a plane,
I have to move it like every 45 minutes or else it gets stiff,
then it'll hurt.
But I know they have a new generation that I'm,
in fact,
Steven just got his replace him and his is a new,
uh,
a new,
a new one because the old one's bent one way and apparently your knee bends kind
of two ways.
And now the new one's been the two ways and they're better and they're less,
I guess it's less invasive to the way they put it in.
They're always getting,
making it better,
but uh,
it's still going to upgrade.
Well,
my mother had one and uh,
she had to have his replaced in 15 years.
She,
she,
uh,
she was an athletic,
instructor and she kept doing the aerobic stuff,
you know,
as she got older and she wore it out and uh,
so she had to have it replaced.
So I dunno,
I'm going to have it.
I'm due for a,
for an eye,
like a 50,000 mile check and uh,
they'll uh,
they'll see,
you know,
cause uh,
you can't have Tyler walking
around with an upgraded model.
It's like,
you know what I mean?
Nothing's going to stop meeting them and know the difference.
I mean,
you to keep up with the Joneses mad.
He got to get one of them new ones.
I'm fine with him doing all the dance and you,
he's great at it.
You can still dance with his new name and everything.
Does he,
he,
he did all the therapy.
You know,
like I said,
nothing's going to stop them,
you know,
I mean,
it's built and he's,
he's,
he's designed to do what he does.
It's great.
It's just amazing that they can do that now.
I mean,
we've got robot rock stars.
That's essentially what's going on,
right?
Yeah.
I mean,
you know,
it's,
it's like kind of like,
what's that damn a noodle that they used to keep changing the,
once he hits it did throw them out and then they'd get a new one and so they get
this band that's like,
it's like the hammer that got handed down from,
you know,
your great,
great,
great grandfather.
Only they had to replace the head five times in the handle six times.
So it's the same hammer only it's been,
you know,
well that's what kiss has done.
They,
they,
you know,
they have a new Peter Criss in a new ace freely.
They just make up these other dudes and like,
you're the,
you know,
you just,
you're the star child now.
Fuck.
I'll fuck Paul Stanley.
I know he's gone through star child.
I don't know
they can go that far,
but anybody could,
if anybody can do what they can cause they got the makeup.
Yeah.
The um,
yeah,
it's uh,
just Menounos a weird band too because have you ever eaten menudo no,
I know what it is.
No.
And they still,
I mean,
I heard about them in the eye,
you know,
years ago,
but are they still around?
I mean,
I know,
but I'm saying the food maneuver.
No,
what is it?
There's a place called Pupusa has in Boulder,
Colorado,
this fucking great Mexican joint and they,
uh,
they have this dish called Minuto and minuto is,
it's supposed to be a great hangover cure and it's like tripe and Oregon's and,
and all this beef stuff.
And it's in a spicy broth.
It's fucking fantastic.
It's got chickpeas in it and it's,
it's really good.
I mean,
if you were into that stuff,
nobody's twice,
even if nobody told you what it was,
he would probably love it.
Yeah.
But you'd be like digging in there and there's bones in it.
Like what the fuck is his,
I was like a bomb.
It's like all this weird stuff,
you know,
that they throw in there.
It's a classic Mexican dish that they,
they serve like,
like a post hangover,
you know,
Mexicans love their survey,
says,
yeah,
this is what it looks like.
That's a good,
is that from pupusas website?
Does that somewhere else.
But it looks just like that.
But it's like a lot of that's tripe and Oregon's and liver and,
and,
and in those chickpeas in there,
it's fucking fantastic.
But that's minuto this foul looking elixir.
I wonder what they,
what are they called?
The van that it looks like,
which is broth.
Like some fucking something a which would stir up in a cauldron.
Oh Man.
First Time I had tripe was last time I had went out stomach,
I believe stomach lining or whatever.
And
it's like,
and the thing is you,
you,
uh,
it's like,
it's kind of like,
um,
like squid,
you know,
uh,
Calamari.
It's got that same kind of consistency.
Only.
Only it doesn't chew it.
I mean,
you can chew it,
but it doesn't break into smaller pieces.
You have to keep chewing it,
you know,
at least this stuff.
We had an a and it was really like it was,
it was,
you know,
and the,
the guy who turned us onto it,
it was a promoter and we went out to dinner after a show and he was like,
you know,
you've got to try this and you know,
and thank you.
But I was never again,
you know,
it's like a sea urchin.
I can't stand sea urchins Sushi,
you know what I mean?
It's just doesn't agree with me and okay.
You didn't,
you have like plans on being some sort of a marine biologist or something at
some point I tell people that story because this is funny.
On Twitter I found this rock,
my daughter found this rock on the beach in Santa Barbara and how all these
holes in it and we're trying to figure out what the fuck it was was an asteroid
or something.
I put on Twitter,
I go,
what's this rock Joe fucking Perry is the first guy to answer me on Twitter and
tells me it's a see stone.
Like these animals had like burrowed into this stone and created a little homes
really well.
Um,
well anyway,
listen,
I,
I love the ocean and Rick caption me for the very beginning.
I mean,
I love,
I love Jacques Cousteau and watching those,
those specials and,
and I got to see,
see him speak a couple times in Boston.
And I just was,
that's what I wanted to be.
I wanted to be when I went to woods hole and you know,
visited there and,
and uh,
uh,
and I,
and I thought that's what I wanted to do was be a marine biologist and uh,
you know,
and the whole learning disability thing,
um,
which they didn't know what to call it back then except the discipline thing,
you know what I mean?
I wasn't studying hard enough foil.
I wanted to,
wanted to get good grades.
They studied as hard as I could.
I mean,
it looked at the page,
read it,
nothing's stuck and couldn't get grades.
Now it's like a Adhd,
I guess they call it now.
And,
uh,
and that's where,
they have different ways to teach kids now.
And it doesn't involve,
you know,
like taking some pills.
I mean there's just different ways of teaching that that work and they just
didn't have it back then when they know what it was,
you know,
did that,
that's also probably what led you to be such a fucking awesome guitarist.
It's like there's something about people that can't accept traditional learning
environments and then some are every now and then one of them becomes like an
amazing video game designer or one of them becomes an amazing guitarist or an
amazing artist.
But sitting in a classroom or you know,
being forced into traditional sort of learning environments sometimes doesn't
work with people.
But those same people have this uncanny ability to pick up musical instruments
or art or it's almost like we're just not recognizing this,
the broad spectrum of,
of,
of human development.
And some people just are different.
And so we want everybody to fit into this sort of box of how they learn or how
they think or how they,
how they can benefit and benefit society,
how they can fit into our culture.
Well,
I think that that's what's happening and that's,
there are in fact the prep school that I went to when my parents sent me that to
immerse me into the,
that culture more to,
to try and get me into college,
you know,
um,
it was just more of the same,
same old school learning,
which was,
you know,
sit there and memorize what your,
it's the same,
same thing.
Now I'm not,
I dunno how they do it,
but that there are different ways to get kids so that they can,
they can learn or at least motivate them so they can at least get,
get through that,
whatever they have to get through.
But on the other hand,
you know,
I mean,
I don't know.
I think my brain is wired different.
I mean,
I just,
just talking to different artists,
you know,
uh,
and looking at history and looking at painters and writers and,
you know,
sculptors and how,
what motivates them and you know,
the issues they had,
you know,
growing up in that kind of thing and how they,
they,
they knew what they wanted to do from the start.
I unfortunately didn't,
you know,
um,
but,
but that drive,
I think that if I had been allowed to get through that,
that,
uh,
stereotypical,
you know,
way of learning,
um,
I could probably could have thrived in that,
in that,
um,
uh,
environment,
you know,
uh,
being on,
on one of those boats,
you know,
going out the way the sea shepherds do or the way that,
uh,
the,
you know,
the woods hole guys do,
or Ballard,
you know,
that goes out.
I mean,
he was,
for all we know,
he was a dummy in school,
you know what I mean?
And,
and may make his way through,
you know,
it's good that they fucked you over.
Well,
I mean,
then we have Joe Perry,
the musician,
the world had been robbed.
You've been out there catching fish and shit and how Smith would've sat so much
different,
it would have fucked up the whole world.
It's like everything falls into it's proper.
Listen,
I read it enough science fiction.
I mean,
I've been asked that a bunch,
you know,
to say,
what would you be doing if you didn't do that music or what,
you know,
whatever.
And you know,
I have to say,
you know,
that,
reading enough science fiction and all that shit about time travel,
you know,
that if you screw something up in the,
in the past,
chances are,
you know,
the is going to fall and everything's going,
it's going to screw everything up.
And I have to say that I've got a beautiful wife and four great kids and they're
doing great and,
and I got this,
this band and,
and you know,
for what it's worth,
um,
you know,
I mean it has its ups and downs and,
uh,
but uh,
you know,
I couldn't say if I could change anything,
you know what I mean?
No,
but I did have go through some agony.
There was a kid,
you know,
but I think a lot of people can relate to that,
you know?
Yeah.
Well,
schools designed for the average person.
I mean,
it's designed to try to educate children as much as they can.
This idea that there's some sort of a grand conspiracy.
I get really angry when people talk about grand conspiracies when it comes to
education.
I don't buy into it for a fucking second.
I think the real issue when it comes to education is that it's,
it's financial for the most part and it's a matter of respect for teachers and
it's a matter of,
I mean,
what are the resources would,
where's,
where's the money going?
How much resources do they have to work with every kid and try to find each
kid's individual needs.
It was very difficult when the guy like you is different from a guy like him or
him or anybody in this room.
We were all different and some,
some people thrive under traditional environments for education and some people
just fucking don't.
And I was one of the don'ts.
You know,
I'm not an idiot,
but I just,
from my brain,
I have to be interested in something in order to pursue it.
If I'm interested,
then I have this crazy laser beam intensity and I'll,
I'll fucking binge on things until I pass out.
I'll,
I'll do things 12,
13 hours a day.
But if I'm not interested,
I just,
I could stare at it,
I'll can read it and then I'll get through the test.
But then once it's over,
I don't remember a fucking thing.
I learned,
well,
I couldn't get through the test,
but I totally relate to what you're talking about,
you know,
and I see,
and I see it and my kids,
my kids have this drive that,
you know,
when they,
when they have a goal,
they go for it.
You know.
And fortunately they've,
they're able to deal with the traditional school thing,
but,
you know,
they,
we were homeschooled him,
you know,
Billy,
took the Montessori model and you know,
and brought them up that way.
And then,
uh,
um,
and then when it came time for them to,
to have to do real learning,
you know,
we have to fill out like all the things,
all the forms.
So you meet up with all the regulations.
We brought a tutor on the,
on the bus and they were,
you know,
the bulk of it was,
was done that way and he,
he works with them and,
and uh,
and,
and adapted what they needed,
you know.
And so,
um,
in a way,
you know,
they,
they did,
they did learn most of their get most of their schooling outside of the,
you know,
the public school box thing,
which is every year it gets cut down more and more.
I mean,
one thing,
take music for example.
I mean,
there,
there are so many,
I mean,
there are no more music programs anymore.
yeah,
I mean,
I do,
uh,
as much as I can to,
to,
to do fundraisers.
So,
you know,
really to contribute instruments to the,
to the,
uh,
to schools so they can,
so maybe they could recognize it.
Some,
somebody as talented,
they shouldn't do that.
You know what I mean?
Instead of like,
just taking a completely out of the picture and letting them find their own way.
It's,
it's tough.
Yeah.
It's a tragedy that there's not more money and more time and more effort.
And more consideration invested in education.
In our culture.
It's a,
it's one of the least paid jobs that is the most important job.
He find out the teachers again,
35 $45,000 a year,
man.
How the fuck do you live on that?
How does that,
as a human being,
you know,
have a family and a wife and kids on $35,000 $45,000 a year.
It's crazy.
You'd get by if you're a single man or single woman by herself on that.
But if you,
if you were like really planning for a future and you're making that kind of
money,
it's just no incentive for people that even have a love for education to get
involved in it.
It's really,
really tough.
I mean,
and that's it.
They have to be,
they have to be driven to one of the teachers and,
and then that's a,
that's got to be a small percentage of,
I mean,
you don't have to be like,
you know,
totally
driven like a,
like an artist to be a good teacher.
You know what I mean?
You can and,
and it cuts out a whole,
a whole lot of people that,
that could be good teachers and they just don't want to go that way cause they
don't want to have to live like they're close.
Why would he lie?
You know?
It's also,
it's just sad that they're not given as much respect.
I mean,
that should be an incredibly respected position.
You're leaving your children with them.
I got to,
I had a conversation with someone about this the other day that we,
we talk about like,
I,
you know,
I'm,
I'm in there to raise my kids and everybody raises your kids.
It's not just you.
Your kids are being raised by all the people that are going to school with you
mean just because you're there when your kids go to sleep,
when you're there,
when your kids wake up and you feed them breakfast,
your kids,
if they're in school,
they're being raised by other people as well.
They're experiencing a point of unit perspective that's not individually are
uniquely your own.
Oh,
it's so much of it is like,
um,
because people have to have two jobs,
you know?
Um,
and both parents working,
it turns out to be,
you know,
almost like a daycare thing.
You know what I mean?
It's like people can't afford to have a nanny or whatever and it's like the the
schools or are used to as a place to dump your kids off so he can go off,
run off to your job.
And I think that that's a,
again,
that's another side effect of the,
of the economy doing what it is and what it's doing is it's a,
it's working against everybody.
You know?
It's also a,
a real symptom of our perspective.
It's a symptom of our perspective being so skewed that the things that are
really in hugely important,
like I've talked about this before,
but it bears mentioning again that the most important thing,
if you want to have a strong country,
the most important thing is have less losers.
The more people that have educations,
more people that are happy,
more people that are healthy,
that would make a stronger country.
Right?
Well,
well,
well how come they don't invest more money in children?
Why don't they invest more money?
This government is constantly going overseas and fucking with this country and
invading that country and isis and this shit and that shit.
And that's all well and good.
But what about fucking children that are living right here in the places where
people pay taxes?
What about those children?
And so they didn't ask to be born poor.
They didn't ask to be born in some shitty town.
The,
the,
the fact that we don't invest more money in our infrastructure and our,
just our,
our human infrastructure that just the children growing up that are going to be
the people that you're going to have to interact with,
that your kids are going to have to interact with.
There's,
this is a way to mitigate that.
It's at least to a certain extent,
there's a way to make a world a little bit better and they're not doing anything
about it.
They're cutting,
cutting money to education,
cutting afterschool programs,
cutting the athletics.
I mean,
wrestling programs are under fire everywhere.
Believable.
That's crazy.
It blows my mind when I hear that stuff.
I mean,
you have no,
you know,
no athletics.
Uh,
I mean,
it's like,
when I was growing up,
I mean,
all that stuff was available even in a tiny town that I grew up in.
it was,
uh,
you know,
I mean,
it's just part of it,
you know?
Yeah.
It's,
it's,
it's a very strange time.
We live in a very strange time.
It's almost like we have a bunch of children that are,
that don't have a dad and uh,
you know,
they're lord of flying the whole country,
it's Lord of the flies,
but it's like the,
the,
the country is being run by people who are children.
It's like,
yeah,
there might be in their fifties.
Yeah.
They,
you know,
their,
their perspective is so fucking goofy.
It's like,
what's important and what's not important is just being elected fundraising,
you know,
uh,
being loyal to your political party and your constituents.
But they're the real issue of like social engineering m in a,
in a sense of managing our communities in a more bountiful way.
Managing our communities in a more,
making them more prosperous,
making people healthier and more educated.
It's not,
not under consideration at all.
They pay lip service to it when they give political speeches,
but the reality of being a president or a senator or congressman is I'll
fucking,
huge amount of your time is spent raising money
they don't have.
How can anybody,
how good and how can anybody learn to learn the ropes in four years?
That's what I want to,
you know what I mean?
It's like,
it's set up to,
to just to the dynamics.
It's set up that way.
I mean,
you know,
and then we know that they did it because we didn't want to have a king.
We didn't,
they were all afraid of having a king and all that.
And they,
they,
uh,
you know,
I think a lot of it was,
was based on,
you know,
the rebellion and,
cutting our ties with thing and not having that,
that,
uh,
that royalty saying and all that,
you know,
it just,
the whole,
the whole political thing.
I mean,
like when you,
when you go to Washington,
do you feel a different vibe?
Like when he'd get,
like,
when I go go to Washington DC and I go inside the beltway,
it's almost like I'm in a different world.
I feel this,
this different energy.
There's different vibe,
a total disconnect from the rest of the country.
It's like it's really strange.
She said Onstar,
it is visiting the desktop.
It's like,
I mean that's what,
that's what that is.
I mean I was just there.
It was just there last weekend.
It's the fucking death star.
That's where more political unrest,
more calculated attacks on foreign soil.
It's all taking places one and then fucking political interests and special
interest groups.
There's a county this somewhere off of a a way from Washington DC and Virginia
where there's more money per capita in this one area.
Then almost any area in the country and it's just lobbyists.
That's who lived there.
Just fucking political criminals how to just fucking up our entire system
through the loopholes and that's it.
Ned just sitting there making,
making these decisions,
pushing things that they don't really care about the thinking about their failed
and,
you know,
making sure they're going to have enough money to,
to like hand down to their kids or whatever,
and country clubs and fucking yachts and the power that it comes with that which
is a huge drug and uh,
and,
uh,
an ego and all that stuff.
And it just,
it just runs rampant there.
And it's a,
and they're the ones that are telling people in the Midwest how to live,
how to,
you know,
do everything as much as they can,
and it's just getting more worse and worse,
you know,
I mean,
uh,
but anyway,
I think people should stand up and,
and Jesus,
I mean,
you know,
even the voting thing,
I'm starting to think about,
you know,
I mean,
I w I didn't vote in,
you know,
in the 70s,
didn't really do much,
but,
you know,
worked for the work with the band to try and make it what it was and all that.
But you know,
when I started,
uh,
you know,
thinking,
thinking a little clearer,
I started voting,
but now I'm starting to wonder about the whole thing.
I mean,
you know,
people that say,
hey look,
you're,
you're making a statement by not,
but I don't know if that's true.
It's,
it's rigged where you're not doing anything.
If you don't,
you're not doing anything.
If you do,
it's,
it's a two party system.
And if you look at this two party system,
how manipulated it is.
If you look at the commission for presidential debates,
you look at how this,
this,
this group has set it up so that the people that are allowed to debate,
like when it gets down to it,
it's you have to have a,
a percentage of the popular vote.
You know in these people that are mainstream folks like Obama and Mccain and
they're going to be able to debate and they're going to be able to be,
but the Weirdos,
you know the green in the people with like strange ideas that are are what,
what's considered non traditional.
They don't get a say and that that's,
that's kind of fucked up.
I mean if we're,
if we're going to have like a real even society where all sorts of different
ideas that get considered,
we can't say that this thing's perfect the way this thing is right now.
It's not perfect.
Every,
everybody will live admitted even from the top to the bottom.
They will admit it's not perfect.
There's a lot of problems with,
with our culture and our,
the way we run things,
but they don't take into consideration other people's ideas.
They just,
they won't allow them because Ross Perot fucked all that shit up.
Ross Perot came in and he,
I believe he only had,
you only had to have like 5% of the vote in the primaries in order to be
considered a for these presidential elections.
So you got this crazy billionaire who,
if you remember the Ross Perot days,
yeah,
sure.
That's the reason why George Bush's Dad,
Herbert Walker Bush,
the big guy,
that's why he didn't win a second term.
Ross Perot came in and stole a bunch of the votes Clinton snuck in.
Yup.
Yeah.
I mean it's just,
uh,
it's just the whole,
the whole mechanics of the whole thing,
just,
it's almost like we're standing on the outside watching this thing happened
inside of us,
this giant fishbowl.
But it all radiates out to,
to fuck us all up.
You know?
It's also how do you stop the momentum of this gigantic machine and reorganize
the whole thing in a way that everybody agrees to,
especially everybody who has already been profiting for so long off of the
current situation.
And you're dealing with corporations that have a massive amount of influence and
you would have to somehow now another strip away the rights of the Supreme
Court's given them to give as much fucking money as they want to kick candidates
and to act as individuals that it's crazy.
It's crazy.
So to stop that like boy you're deal,
you got a runaway train and you're asking someone to stand in front of it and
put their hands up and try to stop that fucking thing.
It's like,
I don't think it's a perfect situation.
I think for sure someone could do a way better job of engineering our society
and how we run,
how we establish laws,
how we take away,
take taxes and you know,
relegate them to areas of society that we deem necessary.
Whether it's law enforcement or you know,
fire protection or whatever it is that we need money far from,
from taxes to do that in a more ethical way,
in a way that's more mutually beneficial.
I think it's possible,
but it's,
you know,
it would have to stop this fucking massive machine with so much momentum behind
it.
And that's the real difficult culty.
And I think that the,
the,
the people that could do the job,
the s the people that are really smart and,
and no,
no,
the guts of,
of the politics and playing the game,
or they're just this smart enough to,
they,
they value their own lives more.
They go,
I just don't want to play that.
So I'm,
I'm handed in my autobiography,
I'll see you later.
You know,
I'm going to just take,
you know,
and we've seen,
we've seen candidates that look good all down the line,
but they just didn't have the,
the,
the charisma,
the bones and Yale and all that stuff or whatever,
you know,
all that stuff,
all that,
uh,
the credentials,
so to speak,
that,
uh,
you got to have to get there or enough,
of the lobbyists behind them that they know they can be bought and sold,
you know,
whatever.
And so it's just,
uh,
it's,
it is a big machine and it's,
and it's running by itself.
And that's why I feel that it's just vibe.
You know,
there's so much money in so much power going on inside that beltway.
It's like,
I don't know,
it's creepy.
Can't relate to that and know what I mean.
It is,
well,
it's weird to the haves and have nots and DC are so apparent because DC is
bordering,
I mean there's,
there's all this money and there's always white people,
but then there's this impoverished black community that's outside of it that
elected fucking Marion Barry twice as mayor.
They elected him as mayor after he got arrested for smoking crack.
They elected him again.
I mean,
it's a fucking wild town.
It's a wild town on the outskirts of the death star.
Oh yeah.
I mean,
walk,
walked down that street and Georgetown,
you know what the main drag there and I don't feel safe there day or night,
you know what I mean?
It just,
I mean,
one time we'd get,
we'd been there and they've just been a huge shooting right there in the
Starbucks,
you know what I mean?
And it just like,
you know,
it's just,
it's just crazy.
And,
uh,
wasn't it the murder capital of the country at one point?
Yeah,
I think it was.
I mean,
uh,
there were,
you know,
they were,
they were in competition with Detroit and whatever.
I don't know,
somewhere else.
The Superbowl of bounces around from city to city,
you know,
it was like a,
selling more glocks per,
per,
per person than any other place in the,
in the world,
you know?
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
It's very strange,
very strange.
But it's also,
it's a,
it's almost a perfect representation of our country itself.
Yeah.
How fucking weird our country itself.
Let's talk about that thing you got in your,
in your front there.
That's where all that is so cool.
I mean,
I,
I mean it's like,
uh,
I could see something like that leaping out of the woods.
I really,
I mean,
I mean I'm,
I'm,
until I,
til somebody could prove it,
prove it different.
I believe that some of those animals are out there.
I mean,
and so,
it's just,
it's the right size,
you know what I mean?
The right weight and all that.
It's just a matter of if it can find enough food,
you know?
Well,
there's tigers.
Tigers are a lot fucking scary then a werewolf cause the tigers,
the tiger 24 hours a day,
seven days a week where we'll
falling becomes a murdering machine when the full moon is out.
Right,
right.
But that one that's,
hey,
that's what it would look like.
Yeah.
Well that could really be an animal for sure.
That could be an animal.
I mean,
it's not much different than a wolf.
it was just a little,
just a lot bigger.
Yeah.
If,
if an animal,
if you,
if you really want to think about it,
there's a lot of animals that people get fixated on like a,
there's like vampires.
People are terrified of vampires.
Vampires are scary.
But how's the vampire?
Any more scary than a bola?
Bola is easily as scary as a fucking vampire vampire.
He drive a stake through its heart and you're done.
It's good.
You know,
we know Werewolf,
you shoot it with a silver bullet.
You're out of there.
Lone ranger had the right idea.
He did.
No,
it always leaves.
It leaves a leave the,
you know,
the heroin or the hero with the,
I don't know
whose name was,
but he left me the silver bullet.
You know,
maybe even the lone ranger was a wearable hunter.
Why haven't they made that movie?
Lone ranger,
the Werewolf that,
that seems like a perfect,
that seems like a perfect connection there.
I like that.
But that thing was made by this guy named Pat Mcgee,
who's a special effects designer.
He does movies and all sorts of shit and the model of the American Werewolf in
London,
real hair on it and everything.
I wonder if it's,
I think it's Yak hair or some shit.
Well,
he told us.
I forgot to add this.
What does it have to do with Triflin?
That's disgusting.
Having Yak and Ted Yak.
Heroin.
Why?
I don't know.
That's great.
Well if you're gonna I don't think they can make fake hair that looked anything
like really are.
That's why two pays a quick shit.
You ever been with a girl that has fake hair and ascension?
Yeah,
I think that's just disgusting to think like who's hair that is,
is that person alive?
Did they love is a outsourced,
just like we were talking about jobs,
a lot of it's from India.
Yeah.
The,
they,
they grow it and it has to be a certain length and then they can cut it,
outsource it or watching a frozen.
And my daughter loves that movie frozen and uh,
she can read now.
So she likes to wait for the credits and then read people's names and uh,
they're all Indian names,
like the people who made the movie because it's,
uh,
they,
they just fucking outsource all the animation.
So all of it was India.
Like there are all these palm [inaudible],
you know,
like all these crazy names that you have a really hard time pronouncing.
Wow.
Well,
Hey,
they get it done.
I mean,
I know that,
you know,
like a lot of the cartoons just,
they do,
they um,
uh,
you know,
they,
they do like the cornerstone pictures of what,
you know,
with the cartoons is going to be in,
then they send it off to career or wherever and they,
that's where they actually do the,
the,
you know,
frame by frame,
cartoon stuff.
I Dunno how they,
I mean that was when we were on the Simpsons.
I don't know what they do now because the computers have come some so much
father,
you know,
the enemy is a lot easier to do.
But back then it was like,
you know,
when we found out how they did it,
it was kind of like really,
you know,
I mean,
it isn't like the old days when,
you know,
you had a bunch of crazies down there and does it on the lot of Disney who
actually would drawing the stuff,
you know,
had political stuff that related to the war to the country.
I mean,
it was really,
you looked at some of those old cartoons and they're great because they're this,
they're saying so much in there,
you know,
and because it was guys that live right down the street and that actually did
the work,
instead of,
you know,
somebody off and if they go off the line or out of the thing,
it just gets tossed out.
And you know,
it's,
it's a whole different thing.
But,
uh,
that's why some of those old cartoons was so,
so cool to watch.
I mean,
some of them aren't exactly politically correct.
Some little pretty fucked,
but,
but you know,
some of the other things that are in there for dia,
I mean,
you know,
they're,
illusions to Mary Jane and,
uh,
you know,
the different drugs and shit.
It's pretty,
pretty funny.
You know,
it is,
and it's,
it's interesting that you're still allowed to watch those,
but they could never make those today.
Like Tom and Jerry.
Right.
Like Tom and Jerry will beat the fuck out of each other.
Yeah.
Like you can never have that today.
Tom and Jerry would hit each other with fucking frying pans and their head would
form and the shape of a frying pan and then they would,
you can't do that with kids today.
You can't have,
cause then some kid hits his fucking brother in the head with a frying pan
because he thinks it's going to turn it to the shape of a pan,
kills his brother.
And then they soon as Warner brothers and the next thing you know,
it's a class action suit,
but you're allowed to show the old ones.
It's weird.
Yeah.
I read a science fiction book a while ago and it was all about,
um,
this,
I can't remember what the plot was,
but the thing was,
the guy's job was actually going through old movies and taking out the
cigarette,
smoking all the,
all the,
you know,
whether it was TV shows or movies.
I mean,
his Gig was to make it look like they weren't smoking,
you know,
and it,
if he had to cut a couple of scenes out,
he would do that.
But mostly it was like,
uh,
like airbrushing or whatever,
you know,
they,
they do.
And,
and taking cigarette smoking out of the movies,
you know.
Anyway,
it was something that was a,
just a little part of the feature of the,
of the book.
But it kind of stuck with me,
you know,
that kind of thing about,
it's kind of like what I call Russian history,
you know,
it's like,
when somebody new comes into power,
they changed the history books,
you know,
in Russia.
You know,
it's like they totally rewrite everything,
you know.
Well,
when you go to Disneyland,
a big percentage of the photos of Walt Disney have the cigarettes airbrushed out
of them.
They have photo shopped out all of his cigarettes.
Cause Walt Disney everywhere he went.
Tom and Jerry cartoons carry racism on it.
Oh yeah.
Tweeted this the other day.
Yeah.
It's now they're making them put fucking warnings on Tom and Jerry.
What was racist about Tom and Jerry?
I named Murray,
who is the woman that would walk around.
It was like the maid or she's like,
oh Tom.
Right.
He's a racist if that person actually exists.
If you could show a person like that,
is it racist?
Like how about this?
If you show a fucking toothless old cracker from Kentucky,
is that racist?
Because that's a real dude.
Like there's a lot of dudes.
If you go to West Virginia,
okay,
well you go into the mountains,
you'll find some fucking rednecky motherfuckers and they're real people.
And if you put them on a cartoon,
would that be racist?
No.
Cause look at honey booboo,
right?
So if you have some aunt Jemima looking old fat black lady,
if I could show you a real version of that,
is that racist or is it racial or is it representative of a small percentage of
people who happen to be African American?
How's that racist?
I don't know.
But there's also points in like Tom and Jerry were like,
you know like I cigar blows up or,
and he has black face,
you know,
type things.
There's like a bunch of weird little things that as a kid growing up we were
just like,
that's hilarious.
He's a black face.
But when I said make it black face or did you just have sweat on his face that
makes that face,
you know,
but that's,
that's the where somebody's going to go get rid of that,
you know.
Well the,
the photos of Walt Disney,
a real weird,
I've got a few of them on my Instagram last time I was there because you see him
sitting there like this.
Like he would have,
you know,
his fingers are in a position where he would have a cigarette in his hand and
chose the cigarettes missing cause apparently released a chain smoker and died
of,
you know,
of dizzy complications because of a lung disease.
And that's what he died from.
But they tried to hide that too.
They tried to like doctor up is uh,
but they sort of freely admit it.
Now.
We went on a tour like last time we were at Disneyland and one of the people
that really understands like the history of Disney,
it's pretty fascinating.
It took us and showed us all the images and explained to us,
did they ever show you the,
uh,
the supposed to be a really fancy restaurant like down underneath for guests and
for VIP days and it's behind one of the door,
one,
one of the doors in one of the,
one of the fake,
um,
uh,
streets,
really you can go down and you walk down and it apparently it's like,
like everything's Tiffany lamps from the,
from the 20s and,
and all that kind of stuff.
And it's supposed to be like gourmet restaurant.
I've never been in there.
I just heard stories.
What's the ride where you can go through and then you can eat inside the ride.
It's a small world or pirates of the Caribbean,
the Caribbean,
but it's,
uh,
overlook the,
that,
that restaurants overlooking that.
So if you're,
if you're sitting in there,
you'll see like this house,
that's actually the restaurant he was talking about,
I forget.
It's like waltz,
you have to have a secret password or something like that to get in it.
There's so many hidden secrets of Disneyland that I know that like if you go to
the haunted house,
right?
If you ask for a death certificate at the end of the ride,
they'll give you a death certificate or all the people sweeping up that walk
around.
They all carried these pins,
these collectible pins,
and they will give them to you.
If you ask her,
is it like a million things,
but Joe
check the,
it's called club 33 and it's a Disneyland's secret $25,000 dining club.
Wow.
$25,000 for what is is like for a membership with the fuck is a 25 grand for,
I didn't even know that you could get in there unless you knew somebody.
Yeah.
The main menu is full of upscale options among them.
A King crab stuffed lobster tail Pan,
roasted Philemon own chipolte lay salted Holland day king salmon,
Colorado lamb chops.
When there's more menudo in there,
it says,
listen to this.
Applicants can be on hold for about 14 years,
just for the chance to pay the $25,000 initiation fee within the additional
$10,000 annual membership fee.
Applicant's must also pass a rigorous background check.
Well,
good luck with that.
I'm out.
It didn't make the cut rigorous
background check or is that,
what does that mean?
You have to be white,
which you pay as a start.
I mean it's probably at the top of the list,
but wow,
this is fascinating.
So it's called club 33 so this would be cooked well.
People would lie.
I was saying it'd be cool if we could take phone calls and someone was a member
of club 33 calls at least eaten there.
We'd have to get,
yeah,
but anyway,
I'd never been there.
Here's what I mean.
We didn't even get on Saturday night live in the 70s why is that?
I'm not sure.
I just never,
you know,
it's one of those things I look back and I go,
wait a second.
They had all kinds of rock bands on there and we never were asked are allowed or
we might have been asked in our management might Alex said nobody making too
much money tonight and it a RFK stadium or um,
we were also considered,
uh,
very,
um,
like loose cannons,
shoo,
you know,
as far as ability,
uh,
you might,
we're not,
we weren't the band that you invited home to dinner that,
where you guys were too wild.
And uh,
that's,
I think that was one of the reasons that the,
that our management didn't let us go to Europe that often.
I think they were afraid that we would get caught at the border,
which was stupid because I mean we were,
we weren't that,
that out of control,
you know,
I think that they just,
we just were making too much money here and it wasn't a bother to go,
you know,
when you go to England and Europe and build,
build a following there.
Cause the few times we went,
I mean it was,
it was definitely good.
It was great.
And we wanted to go,
I mean,
Banzel we'll plan,
they'll go into Australia,
Japan,
and we may want to Japan twice.
And we went to Europe twice and I was it.
And there were other bands that were just,
it was like they would go around the world,
you know,
I mean,
and uh,
um,
certainly they didn't go to South America the way they do now,
but,
uh,
they,
they just kind of kept us in,
you know,
kind of here almost a,
that,
that Elvis thing,
you know,
I didn't,
I mean,
we would,
we would ask and then they would say,
well,
maybe next year,
whatever time to do another album and we would do it.
So
the whole world is more,
it's this,
there's so many more options now for bands to travel and they're everywhere on
the Internet because people find out about you everywhere now.
They have a,
a song that people like,
I mean,
and,
and also people find out about bands from older generations.
They find out about them now and they become more popular because of the
Internet as well,
right?
Oh yeah,
it's definitely opened up.
I think there were a lot of,
a lot of advantages to the way things are now for the artists and for the fence.
Um,
as far as like the art moving from,
from,
from one place to the other and you know,
uh,
from one set of headphones to the next,
but certainly not getting paid.
Um,
yeah,
that's stars.
As far as the royalties,
I mean,
it's
digital music.
What's your take on this whole when,
when Napster came along and now with all the bit torrenting and everything?
Well,
I've been a fan first,
so when Nafta came on I was like,
I loved it because,
uh,
just to name one,
it,
one reason,
I mean my kids would ask me,
they hit to have some of the other cool songs from back in the day,
you know,
I mean,
they knew about led Zeppelin and the stones and all that stuff,
but they were there a lot,
a lot of cool bands from then.
And you could go on Napster and find him.
He didn't have to go to,
to,
you know,
skippy white's record store and,
uh,
fuck.
Anyway,
in order,
those kinds of things.
And you know what I mean?
And uh,
but you know,
at the same time I would say,
hey,
listen,
you know,
you're getting this for free and basically it's wrong and you know,
that's part of your inheritance that you're losing right now by us doing this,
you know,
and,
so they would,
they would make an effort to,
like,
if it was a newer record,
they would always go out and buy it,
you know,
um,
or,
uh,
you know,
so I taught him about,
what was going on and,
uh,
I can remember talking to Donny Einer,
Billy and I,
my wife and I went down to meet with them about putting on one of my solo
records and we were talking to him,
it was right around when Napster was happening and we said,
what's going on with that?
It's killing,
it's killing us.
It's like the re,
you know,
it's coming,
like a freight train.
And,
and he said,
it's going to go away.
It's not a big deal.
This is the president of the,
of the record company.
And he's saying,
everything's going to be fine.
You know,
we,
this lawsuit with the Ria,
they're going to shut these people down and everything will be fine.
Six months later.
Honor is not president of the label anymore.
Um,
you know,
Napster's spread out and they were figuring,
starting to figure out ways to,
to,
to get people paid.
But it was,
it was the horse was out of the barn and it was gone.
And,
and,
uh,
you know,
they should have just picked up on it right away and made a deal.
And,
and uh,
it,
it could have been so much better and so,
so different.
But at that point they were living so high,
high on the hog or off the hog,
what is it?
I don't know what the extinguisher,
but,
okay.
And they were,
I mean,
there was so much money being made the way that they were doing things,
they didn't think anything could go wrong.
It was that old thing with a worthy,
with a businessmen actually thought there were more important than the artists
and not was true from managers to agents to,
to the record companies.
And
see the piece that Courtney love wrote about that.
No,
according love wrote this piece.
A lot of people think she's too dominant.
I've actually written it and that there was somebody ghost wrote it.
But those people aren't rude.
I Dunno.
How dare they fuck.
Do you know how smart you ever sit down?
I never sat down with Courtney love either.
Maybe she is smart,
but the piece essentially detailed how artists get screwed over by record
companies and that that's one of the reasons why their model collapses because
of greed and that these record companies,
they would spend a lot of money and give this artist like a big,
uh,
like a record signing fee or recording fee and then everything would come out of
that.
Like the amount that they would spend on promotion,
the uh,
what it costs to tour,
everything came out of that.
And then the artists got paid after all that and then only paid a small
percentage of the actual process.
Yeah,
I mean it's been set up,
you know,
basically it for the,
for the businessman who,
I mean,
hey,
they went to college and got trained,
trained to do that.
Think of things like that.
And artists don't think like that,
you know,
I mean there,
there are some of us,
some of them,
you know,
figured it out early.
Some of us figured out later.
But it,
you know,
those standard agreements were always like,
lopsided for the benefit,
the record company.
And even in the,
in the MTV days,
I mean,
we had to pay for the,
for the making of the videos,
MTV got free programming,
all those,
all those million dollar videos or the Michael Jackson $25 million videos,
he would pay for that,
you know,
and then the,
then MTV would get it.
And you know,
there's the argument that you know,
that it can make it a bigger record or can make it make it a hit.
You know?
I mean,
if it's good enough and it gets heard,
but you know,
bottom line is the bands of paying for it.
It's coming out of their pocket.
It should at least been 50,
50.
Yeah.
Well the bands or what they're selling,
if it's not for the band,
there is no fucking label.
There's no record company without the band.
You don't sell shit when you sell is other people's artwork.
That's it.
You're not selling pots and pans and fucking coffee machines.
You're selling music.
The music is created by the artist.
The fact that it's not a 50,
50 split is fucking ridiculous and even 50 fifties generous because that's,
if it's not for the artists,
there is no record label.
You don't sell anything.
And it should change.
If,
if there is is some success,
it should change,
you know,
to benefit the artists.
Exactly what is going.
But you know,
it's a,
which is representative of business greed.
It's just been that way since,
since,
uh,
since Alan Lomax,
God bless him for doing it.
For,
for recording.
Robert Johnson,
paying them 10 bucks to sing in the kin.
You know,
like the saying,
old brother,
there's a guy open yob Yazoo city that it'll pay.
It's an 10 bucks to sing and the can,
you know,
I'm not telling tales out of school,
but you know,
anyway,
I think it's a great grape scene because it's,
uh,
it's,
it's really typical of how it was from the movie o brother where art thou and
they went in and they,
and they pretended and the guy in there was blind and they pretended that one of
their,
their guitar player was a,
I couldn't speak.
Um,
so they got an extra 10 bucks because they said he couldn't,
we'll face this here,
can he,
he can't,
he can't hear,
he can't speak or whatever.
He had to be able to hear to play guitar,
but he couldn't speak.
So,
uh,
he can't,
you know,
and so the blind guy just paid them.
There was four of them.
I think they paid him 50,
50 bucks while singing the can,
you know.
But it's been like that ever since,
you know,
they've always,
uh,
I mean the artists have always,
you know,
they're usually starving and by the time they,
get anything.
I can remember there was when we had,
we had an eviction notice in one hand and a management agreement and the other
just think we were going to go to a lawyer at that point and say,
well,
what do you think?
Okay,
well let's go in and argue with this guy over this or that or whatever.
And it's like,
that's just,
I mean,
the industry is rife with that.
I don't think there's an artist that doesn't have some kind of story like that,
but you know,
if it's,
it's a lot of it has,
you know,
fortunately we can at least reap the rewards of what we were doing.
I mean,
back in the day,
like Van Gogh Guide died penniless and you know of syphilis in some,
some hot burning down,
you know,
and you know,
because nobody knew who he was or what he,
what he was,
how good he was,
you know.
Well,
even Nikola Tesla,
I mean,
he died broke too.
He died,
broke them department.
The government came in and took away all his papers and all of his inventions.
He died with no money at all.
It's,
it's what happens when you get someone who's strictly business minded and not
creative.
And they deal with impulsive artists who are very creative but often very not
business minded and they pray off of it.
It's just,
it's pimps and hookers.
I mean it's just someone taking advantage of someone else's inadequacies in
certain areas.
And they'll,
artists almost universally suck with business.
They're almost all in when they get really business oriented,
they start sucking with their art.
Right?
And that's one thing that happens to a lot of artists that get super greedy and
all they care about is I'm going to put together an album that's going to sell a
fucking billion records and it's,
I'm going to calculate it and make it very poppy and make it perfect.
It's just fucking babysitting money.
And they start thinking about how to make this thing really connect with the
young kids today.
And they create some sort of a fucking Frankenstein's monster.
And then the art sucks.
Oh,
it's funny because that,
you know,
that Song Frankenstein by uh,
Edgar Winter,
uh,
that's actually what they did is they took,
they took bits and pieces of the jammed and they took bits and pieces of,
of the gym because they're all brilliant musicians and they,
they,
they cut it up and they,
they turned it into a,
an instrumental,
it's three and a half minutes long,
perfect length for a,
for a single three minutes or whatever.
And that's turned out to be a huge hit.
I mean it's now it's a huge hit and apparently the bass player took it one step
further.
And when analyzed like the top 10 songs for like three months and you know,
kind of the beats per minute,
what key it was in how,
how off,
how quick the,
the chorus came,
you know,
after the song started,
how quick the,
you know,
what the,
what the lyrics were about,
I mean,
analyzed 10 or 15 different parameters and then wrote a song based on that.
And it was a huge hit.
I don't know which,
which song it was,
but it worked.
And I'm sure there are guys sitting around writing programs now to just to do
just that,
you know,
uh,
to,
to figure that out,
you know,
because uh,
so much of the music does sound like it came out of a spit out of a computer.
Well,
you can tell them
the difference though from a song is written from an individual's perspective
and a music,
a song that's written,
that's his sort of,
someone's trying to like sell it and now someone just a riding the,
the a pop piece and now they're,
they're just creating something that they know is going to,
this is going to be profitable.
It's not a representative of their thoughts and their feelings.
That's why when someone does create something that Julie has like some emotion
behind it,
like,
uh,
oftentimes when a band is really young,
especially they create their best work because they're hungry and because
everything is coming from like a real place and they haven't figured out how to
be calculated yet.
Right.
Oh,
there's no doubt.
I mean,
I,
the only thing that we use for parameter in,
in,
I'm in Steven really wanted,
which was good because he,
you know,
we really didn't know anything about like how,
how were,
where it could go in a year.
So he had been in the business for a couple of years.
But for us,
I mean the only thing that we,
that we,
uh,
would think about is how the song is going to go down with play it live.
How can we make it exciting enough?
So,
and like,
cause we would always think of a,
about us sitting in the audience because we were fans.
I mean,
we would go to seed,
the seed,
the bands,
you know,
and uh,
figuring out what,
what got us off about it and try and figure out what is it,
is it,
is it the beat,
is it the whatever it is,
you know?
And,
but it was on a much more,
uh,
some,
some subconscious level.
I mean,
it was all about feeling,
you know,
and it kind of help steer us towards,
cause I knew that there was something we could,
we could do to put a different,
different slant on what had already been done.
You know,
it always had that,
that feeling about,
you know,
the songs that we wrote.
And uh,
but the main thing was like getting an audience off live cause that's the only
place you could do it.
I mean,
you didn't have any other outlet,
you know,
unless you're lucky enough to get a song on the radio,
which was nice,
you know,
and uh,
Steven always like wanted to kind of push things that way.
So it really,
we made a good,
a good team like that because,
you know,
I'd be the anarchist,
I don't care if we're playing in tune,
you know,
I just want to get out there and excite the audience and he's,
he's thinking about,
well you know,
the melody and the course and it was a,
it was a really good,
it is a good hookup when we get together.
You know,
what do you guys argue about things creatively about like what kinds of songs
you guys couldn't yeah.
That's where we meet,
had the head,
you know,
and,
and butt heads.
And,
uh,
but that I think is part of the creative process when you're working with,
you know,
working with five guys,
and especially to a type personalities that,
you know,
go head to head,
you know.
Um,
and I think that's been the value of,
of the,
of putting up with it all.
And,
uh,
so anyway,
that's,
that's the,
uh,
but then again,
there wasn't a lot of room in there to think about the business,
you know what I mean?
And,
uh,
um,
I mean he was,
he was definitely more cognizant of,
of like what it meant to have your name under the songs.
I just looked at the name under the songs,
like,
like who really was responsible so I could get the real one because I knew that
look at first two stones records,
they were mostly covers of like Willie Dixon songs or,
uh,
you know,
Chuck Berry and all that.
And,
you know,
there were,
they were exploring their roots,
you know,
and they made no bones about it,
so,
uh,
but again,
it's about,
you so consumed with was with trying to figure out how to make it work.
You know,
you're not thinking about,
you know,
well,
how can I get another point here?
How can I get another,
you know,
another 25,000 off of this advance in that kind of thing.
I mean,
it's like,
uh,
like I said,
it's,
it's kind of stacked against the artists.
I really think that the real artists or they're wired different than,
than businessmen set.
I mean,
and so what's a stir with you?
You got both.
I mean,
you seem to be doing okay and you're really creative and really like,
uh,
you know,
but I don't think about money.
I don't think about like,
do this for money,
do that.
I just think,
what do I want to do?
You know?
Like there's a lot of things that I've done that I probably should have never
done.
You know,
like the only thing I did for money was fear factor.
Definitely did that for money,
but I didn't think it was going to work.
I thought I was doing it for fun.
Like when I first started doing it and I was like,
they're going to sick dogs on people and make them eat animal dicks.
How long has this funny thing going to be on TV?
I'm like,
this is just going to be a like a four or five episode catastrophe that I'm
going to have some great jokes about.
Then it wound up doing 148 episodes and then another run later,
six or seven episodes we did the second time around.
I'm like,
I couldn't believe it.
I every day I would show up.
I'd be like,
really?
We're still doing this?
Alright,
here we go.
I couldn't believe it was successful if it was one.
I don't think anything I've ever done was a mistake,
but if there's one thing that I did that I didn't enjoy that much,
it was that,
but it was a shit load of money.
I was like,
I couldn't,
but the good thing about having money is then I didn't have to worry about money
at all and everything I did,
like when I was working for the UFC and all the,
all the other different things that I've done where for a comedian to be a cage
fighting commentator,
probably not the best idea.
You know,
like for your career.
Like most people would say like that's a terrible thing to be connected to your,
you're connecting,
laughing and joking with horrible bloody violence.
Right.
But I'd still,
what I wanted to do,
I just,
I,
this is something that I was interested in,
so I wound up doing it.
So that makes a lot of sense.
Then my success has been in spite of myself.
Yeah.
Well that's,
he's still followed,
followed you and,
and you know,
and the ideas and doing it.
I mean,
I can relate to that because I felt,
I feel the same way about to run DMC thing because it wasn't anything we
planned.
It wasn't anything that we,
well,
if we go down the road,
we'll do a video,
will,
it'll come out and it's gonna like do this.
It was a black and white,
it's going to do this and joined together and all that wasn't anything like
that.
It just sounded like fun to work with this new form of,
of,
of blues really.
You know?
And,
uh,
and it just,
one thing led to the next and uh,
it was,
it was fun.
It was the original Mashup.
Yeah.
And it was like,
Holy Shit,
man,
the turn,
we really did something here.
And,
but it was after the fact I'd like to take credit for,
for thinking of it,
you know,
and thinking of the long term effect of it.
But you know,
it was really about the art,
just the love of the planet and,
and meeting some new musicians that were doing something new and,
and the whole thing.
So you,
that was a phantom.
It was
a song big as 140 shows,
you know,
and uh,
fear factor.
But you know,
it was bigger because it's actually good.
It was when you guys did that though,
you got music video was so important too because it was combined the two styles
together and it was funny.
Yeah.
You know the video was funny and the song was fucking fantastic because it was
based on a classic song,
a classic Aerosmith song and everybody already loved and then you added this run
DMC element to it with a different kind of music and ah,
fucking loved that song.
And it was a fantastic combining and I think it made fans out of people who were
initially fans of both genres and people were wrapped pants became Aerosmith
fans,
people who are Aerosmith fans became run DMC fans.
Yeah.
It was interesting.
I think we got like literally literally two letters from fans that said,
what are you doing rec,
you know,
wrecking your hard rock thing.
You know what I mean?
And I think the guys at run DMC where they,
they were kind of,
they really didn't want to do it.
It was Rick Rubin,
the kind of said,
come on guys,
let's just try it.
Because they would,
they would knew they were doing something new when they were having great
success to them,
what they were doing,
you know,
um,
on their own.
So it was kind of like Rick just said,
well,
let's just try it.
And because we didn't know if it was going to go on the album and he just said,
and he told us that.
And you know,
again,
we just looked at it like,
hey,
well the flying us to New York,
we'll have a great time.
Hang out,
meet these guys,
that will be fun.
And,
uh,
and then in fact,
Billy,
we needed some girls so it would look like a,
like a rock,
you know,
rehearsal studio where there would be girls.
And Steven had his wife and I had my wife in this sitting in the background,
so you can see him in Billy's pregnant with,
uh,
with Tony and,
how rock and roll pregnant checks.
Anyway,
it was,
Tony was there and uh,
uh,
but it was one of those things,
you just did it.
We just did it for the most.
That's why it was so awesome and it was a,
it was fun.
And uh,
it was,
uh,
it turned out to be a good thing,
you know.
How do record companies make money now?
Because it seems like nobody's bombing.
Not very well.
We talked about it the other day that this is going to be one of the first years
ever where no bands go platinum.
Interesting.
It's crazy cause it's like you look at the numbers and it's amazing.
It's an appalling are astounding or I don't know,
whatever you want to call it,
the shift.
I mean the people that get dropped from the companies and the different
companies that still,
you know,
that kind of like,
uh,
you know,
they used to be all these,
these offshoot labels and stuff and all those are gone and so many people that I
know that,
that really had a good heart for the music where they're in it for the music
have been,
you know,
been fired and it just,
there
just isn't there,
just don't do the kind of business they used to do.
I mean,
we've really lived through an amazing age,
you know,
to see the,
to see some,
some amazing bands,
you know,
come up and,
and uh,
at least for rock and roll and,
uh,
you know,
I really believe we're at the end of an era,
cause it's just the,
the,
the record industry that,
that,
you know,
did arguably drive a lot of the artists,
especially the early days when they would give artists enough money so that even
if their first record wasn't that good like us,
that we had enough money,
we could,
we could support ourselves to do another record.
It was like,
you know,
they were kind of nurturing us,
and there was,
there was a lot of that in those days because they had the money to do it.
And even though we ended up paying for it out of our royalties,
it helped us get to be a better band and made us insight into,
you know,
what we are.
Uh,
and those days are over.
You know,
now it's like bands practically have to pay to,
to,
uh,
to play clubs,
tip to,
uh,
I mean they go on.
What's that,
that business thing that did a,
I guess you,
you,
uh,
say,
well,
I'll give you a record and a tee shirt.
If you send $10,
I mean,
to start a business starters,
you know,
something like that.
And you know,
so that's the record in an industry now and it's something in front of our eyes.
It's like disappearing and it's,
nothing's really replacing it.
So,
I mean,
in the,
in the sense that we knew it,
you know what I mean?
It's always,
there's always going to be some vehicle for the artists to get their music to
the fans.
And that will never change.
I mean,
the excitement of going to a live show,
just like going to a hockey game,
that's,
that there's nothing that can beat going to a hockey game,
you know,
you can watch it on TV all day.
We'll never get the same rushes,
five minutes watching,
watching the Bruins go for it,
you know?
Um,
so I think that there will always be that live thing if it's going to,
I don't know if it's going to be the kind of music that we like,
but it's always going to be there.
But,
uh,
as far as as,
um,
getting the music,
you know,
other than that,
I mean it's,
it's,
it's getting to be more and more like air because now it used to be,
you know,
even if I did like,
like I just played on the Johnny Winter Record,
uh,
bef before he passed away,
which is a,
I mean,
he was a big influence on me,
you know,
at the start and enough still go back and listen to his records,
for inspiration.
And,
uh,
he asked me to play on his record and they sent the,
the,
uh,
software for the,
for the,
for the record.
And I just played it in the studio and he was in New York.
I was in la,
in La and I,
and then they sent it back to them and they mixed it.
And it sounded like I was in the studio with them,
you know,
and now they don't even have to send a,
the software,
they just send it over,
you know,
over over the Internet.
I mean it's so it's really just air.
It's like nothing.
It's,
but it's just an idea almost,
you know.
Um,
um,
that's why it's so interesting.
Like this last week a couple of people who've given me vinyl again,
you know,
people are putting on putting on vinyl.
I mean like a 45 it was four songs on it or like a whole album of vinyl because
they know that that um,
the few people that are actually going to sit down and listen,
we'd rather hear it on vinyl or they're hoping they will then then like off
something like this because it just doesn't sound as good off of that.
Don't you think that there is some sort of a blow back thing that's going on
with all sorts of aspects of our culture?
Like we were talking earlier about farmer's markets.
Like that's becoming a really popular to like buy food directly from the people
that grow it.
I go to this farmers market and Malibu sometimes and that's amazing man.
You go there,
you meet the farmers,
the people that are actually growing the food and it says it feels good.
There's something about it.
And then local restaurants,
like people are getting tired of going to these big factory fucking chains and
people are supporting like local coffee shops and coffee growers and like
there's this thing that's going on.
Like people are buying vinyl now and people were,
they liked to go see live music again.
It's like,
not that it ever went away,
but it's like,
it's becoming more where people understand that there's something missing in
this corporate created plastic world that we've sort of been forced into dealing
with.
And then the blow back is people like,
one of the things I love about places like Seattle,
like you go to Seattle,
it's hard to find the chain restaurant there.
It's hard.
Everything is like these individual restaurants and great,
it's great.
I only hope and hope that it happens fast enough.
You know what I mean?
Because
it's going to happen however it's going to happen,
you know?
I mean,
I wish he would,
you know,
like all of a sudden just sweep across the country and it would be great,
but it's going to happen as it happens.
And it's one of the things I love about from what I mean,
you go up and down the street and,
and the,
the people that are,
that are farmers are,
you know,
they'll actually barter,
they'll go to the farmer's market and they'll sell trade offs.
You know,
what they're,
they're growing or whatever with somebody else who's growing something else.
And it's like,
it's really benefits everybody.
It's great.
I love that.
And it's exactly like what you're talking about going to the farmer's market
here.
So it's,
yeah,
I think I really do think that there's some sort of a push back,
but until they can figure out how to way to make a record,
like vinyl,
make that sound on your iPhone.
Like can they do that?
Is that ever going to be possible?
Well,
they keep talking about it.
Um,
but I,
you know,
um,
there's this supposedly a new,
a new,
um,
they click call it modeling.
They actually like the software models a guitar to they go in and they measure
everything about like they've measured the sound of this room without any noise
in it at all because there's,
there's an ambien feeling to the room without any sound at all.
They start with that and then they,
then they take the amplifier and they said it and then they,
they measure every perimeter they can and then they put it in the software.
And there are some people right now that,
that,
that I can't believe that they are actually buying it.
I haven't heard it yet.
There's a new one out.
The guitar players are using in there.
They're saying a blindfold test.
It really works.
I mean there's a,
there's a hand feel that,
um,
kind of gets in the way when you plan through one of these things.
It just doesn't feel quite the same.
It's almost like if you're playing clarinet,
imagine like playing with little bits of cotton on each,
each thing,
you know,
there's this kind of a feel to it that isn't quite there when you play,
as opposed to when you're playing like right into it,
into an amp,
you know,
and,
uh,
but,
but some this swearing by it right now.
So I don't know if,
uh,
you know,
because the number of bits and all that,
because it all gets squeezed back down again.
It gets,
it's like 96 bits or whatever,
140,
but it still gets squeezed down to 16 bits,
so it can only get as good as this,
you know,
when you're listening to it.
So,
but as the,
the capacity of the storage capacity grows,
like this phone has 120 something gigs,
they're getting bigger and bigger.
Well,
I think that you can store more bad sounding music,
you know,
I mean,
there's definitely that.
Um,
but,
uh,
you know,
I mean,
when you look at movies on,
on watching a movie on there,
I mean,
I dunno,
I dunno man.
Um,
some of these,
I mean people are making movies on these,
you know what I mean?
Independent movies.
And if you're just sitting there and that's,
that's all you seeing,
you know,
it looks pretty good.
Well My,
uh,
my galaxy can do four k could do four k video,
which is insane.
I mean the thing about like the android phones,
you can store them on cards.
You can insert little different little a storage cards like which can't do on an
iPhone.
And so you could conceivably make a whole movie that looks fantastic off of a
fucking phone.
No,
there,
I know that there are,
if there is a movie,
an independent movie that it's gone to Cannes,
that that is was made on a,
I dunno if you know what,
at one or or whatever,
but I know it,
the quality was made off of itself,
made off of a bunch of iPhones.
But,
uh,
so it's like a,
it's again,
it comes down to your eye or the,
the quality of the shot and,
you know,
cause they have to adapt it because you know,
you're limited by the Lens on my phone and all that.
They have additional lenses you can add to those things and so on the case and
then,
uh,
and also software can can replicate that too.
But,
um,
but you know,
I,
it's um,
um,
it's really,
uh,
again,
I don't,
I don't believe there are any right or wrong sounds.
Um,
you know,
I mean,
I'll pick up anything.
This thing I can make,
I can turn that into a rhythm machine,
you know,
with the coffee,
with the right stuff,
uh,
with the right stuff in there and you know,
by speeding it up and,
you know,
adding some subs to it or something like that.
Well,
Jamaican dudes that make those incredible sounds from oil drums.
Yeah.
They,
they pound those drums down then saw and half and then figure out a way to,
to,
to beat them with like certain types of,
uh,
drum instruments or,
you know,
sticks.
They sound incredible.
They do beautiful music
with those things.
Hey,
you know,
so there's,
there's,
there's no bad side.
I mean,
of course this sounds,
like a Jackhammer.
You don't want to hear the whole song,
you know,
builds around the jacket.
Kind of cool to have a general Amos in the middle of some,
you know,
for whatever reason.
That's why I don't think that's why whenever I,
I,
I mean there's a music store down in,
in the village called music in and it's run by these two,
two old hippies that used to play sitar between bands at the Fillmore.
And,
uh,
they're just a,
it costs a dollar to get in,
you know,
cause they don't use it into the music store because they don't want like,
just,
I mean there's,
there's one aisle,
it goes this way and it goes around and comes back out and they have stuff from
all over the world here that did,
or just,
you know,
instruments you've never seen or thought of,
could make music and,
and all go out and go in and buy a box full of it looks like junk.
But you take that out and you can fiddle with it and it can be the,
uh,
inspiration for a song,
you know?
So,
uh,
um,
again,
it's,
it's what your ear,
what works for you.
So you know,
the kids now,
I mean,
and most people that haven't heard vinyl,
this has gotten to the point where it,
it sounds really good.
You know,
you've got subs there actually it can reproduce more sound than then you could
get off of off of,
uh,
a final,
I remember we used to have to put the penny on some of the English records
because the bottom end would be so strong it would make the needle skip.
So he had to put a penny on it.
When you put on like a,
remember Mr Lincoln farmer,
the band off,
they had the,
they were one of the first bands to use a synthesizer and he would get the
frequency down so low that your average stereo wasn't able to handle it.
So,
and they cranked it.
They would nail that,
that sucker and it sounded fucking great.
We all waited for that one part because the Cynthia would go so low,
but very often if the thing was turned up loud enough,
that needle would jump.
So you'd have to put a dime on,
on the,
what happens happened,
you put a quarter was too slow while it would,
it would,
where your record out pretty fast,
you know?
And uh,
and then that would,
uh,
I mean you didn't do it too often,
you know,
but everybody would wait for that one sound because it was new and nobody heard
that before.
It's a great idea that they charge a dollar to get into because it's kind of
symbolic because it's not a lot of money,
but it's enough money that people would be like,
if they're just walking by like,
yeah,
I'm not paying a dollar to go ahead.
What's store?
Tiny place.
Yeah.
I mean it's just,
it's like twice as big as this really tiny,
no,
Quintin Tarantino is a pushing back on digital.
Like he,
he thinks that everything should be still shot in film because he thinks there's
a quality to film to a movie that you're missing when you're shooting everything
in four k and HD and all this jazz.
Well,
I think that has,
it has something to do with depth of field and that kind of thing.
And again,
they're working on that with the software,
you know,
and uh,
because you know,
the,
again,
as the instruments get better and the,
the gigs get more gigs and all that,
there's,
there's more room for the software to work.
So,
um,
you know,
but I,
I just believe,
you know,
like when,
when I look at a movie that I know it was done on film,
on,
you know,
like the high,
high quality cameras,
there's just something about it.
When you look back at it and it looks,
there's a,
I dunno,
there's a warmth to it,
you know,
that,
that you don't get from a,
I mean,
sometimes if you have a watch to like a,
like an HD movie on,
on a certain TV and it almost feels too,
too good,
you know,
and they didn't,
they didn't,
I mean,
it was like one of those crossover films where they,
they,
they wanted to jump into HD too quick or something and they didn't,
didn't take into account that,
that it's going to be played on these TVs that are going to show the lack,
lack of the depths of field that it feels like the,
there's something wrong when you're watching it.
You know what I mean?
Everything is too clear.
And,
uh,
it takes away from it.
And I can think of a couple of movies that will like that,
but,
you know,
they've obviously cleaned it up and,
uh,
I don't see too many,
examples of that anymore.
But,
uh,
a couple of years ago I noticed that and um,
you know,
my wife and I'd be watching a t a new TV in a,
in a hotel and it would,
and it just wouldn't look right now.
And you knew,
you know,
that it was shot.
It might've been shot at and,
and I mean in HD and,
and I dunno mixed in was with film.
I don't know.
I think a lot of it is actually really high definition televisions,
watching old films.
That's probably it.
Like Blue Ray,
if you get a video on blue ray that wasn't shot on Blu Ray,
like a aliens too is a perfect example that James Cameron version of alien,
the second movie,
there's a scene when they're in this hangar and there's a spaceship behind them
and it's painted spaceships painted and it looks like uttered dog shit.
Like when you saw it in the movie theater,
it was in film.
So it was,
even though it was ridiculous,
I'm sure in real life,
the way it looked,
the grainy aspect of it and film in a regular standard definition movie,
it looked great.
Right.
No problem.
At all,
but once they transferred it to blue ray,
you look at how you like,
what am I seeing?
This is a stupid looking.
So many,
so many newscasters,
uh,
you know,
men and women have lost their jobs when HD came out because did the,
the wrinkles,
all of a sudden every spot rehab,
two actors
on news radio,
we'd shot everything in film on a Sitcom,
but they started doing it that like that around that era,
like in Newsradio started in 94,
I think,
or 95.
And in that era was when things started shifting over to tape and they had a
process where they would take a film or take tape,
digital tape and convert it to like a film look.
Right?
They made it shittier looking essentially to make it look more like film.
Because when you looked at things through digital tape,
it was just unforgiving and it showed everything,
right?
Like instead of like,
if I'm filming you,
I'm focusing on you and the background is kind of blurry,
but I see your face,
right?
Digital just captures everything in front of you.
So you have to sort of like fuck with it after the fact to make it look like
film.
Right.
Cause otherwise like those fake two dimensional backdrops that they use for
artificial cities.
Like if you go to 20th century Fox and he walked down the lot,
he see us,
they look like shit in real life.
Like how has anybody fucking think this is really a city?
But in film you're only focusing on the actress face and the background is on
almost inconsequential.
You can get away with it.
Well that's,
they were kind of doing that.
But if you saw it before they converted it,
it looked like total dog shit.
Right.
And that,
you know,
they've,
they're constantly,
I mean every month it gets better and better and better.
And the same thing.
I mean what's,
what music is the same thing there.
There's still,
you know,
there and there are plugins that that will replicate tape even.
And then there's this,
this other thing that,
I don't know how long it's gonna last cause it's kind of a pain in the ass to
use,
but it actually goes from,
the signal actually goes from the microphone,
which is the singing or play in or whatever.
But it goes from the microphone right into,
uh,
a tape machine that like an old fashioned 24 track tape machine that's running.
And then it goes from there into the computer.
So it's almost like the tape is being used as a,
as a piece of outboard gear,
like a,
like a fuzz tone or an echo machine or something like that.
It's,
but it's going through tape before it hits that.
So,
uh,
so that warms it up automatically in a way that,
that it's,
it's really hard to duplicate,
you know,
with software.
So that's something that has been around for a couple of years.
They perfected it.
We've recorded our last record using it.
I don't know if it,
if it made it better or worse,
but um,
um,
and I don't know how much longer it will be around cause it is kind of a pain
because you've got to keep rewinding the tape,
you know,
every time you do a take and that kind of thing.
So,
uh,
um,
I don't know.
Dunno.
They're constantly,
I mean people are aware of it and they're constantly trying to upgrade it.
But,
um,
I don't know.
Somehow every time I listened to vinyl and there's something about the sound
that,
uh,
I still like,
it's compelling,
right?
There's something,
there's something organic about it that seems to be what it is.
Like the,
the,
the expression warm seems to be like the,
even the term warm,
it's like it's a living thing.
It's like a lie.
Whereas digital's cold.
Yeah.
Digital is like uncaring.
It's numbers.
It's ones and Zeros compressed and,
exactly.
And that's it.
That's like simple as that.
Analogous to our culture,
right?
There's the blow back against the sort of like harsh digital environment that
we're living in this,
this,
this slow descent into this fucking computer world that we're eventually going
to find ourselves living in and they know chips in our brain.
I know it's a,
it's kind of funny when you hand somebody cash,
you know,
where do you go in to buy something and it's like,
what is it?
What do I do with this?
You know,
it's like,
especially if it's over $5.
These are a place that I used to eat at in the valley called chicks and it was
a,
a chicken place that had been around for like 20 plus years.
Old School is fuck.
This guy had invented his own rotisserie.
He had like an oven that was a wood fired oven and the guy who worked there and
to constantly throw wood into this oven and it was as big like copper on the,
I took you to chicks before,
right?
Fucking great,
How good was that place?
They went under and they went under because the dude would not accept credit
cards,
really never accepted credit cards.
Want a cash only and you would,
people would go there and they would get pissed.
They would have their credit card out,
they would have an order,
they would say sorry.
And there's a sign right by the register cash only.
And they'd go,
I have a credit card and be the guy.
We're like,
sorry,
we only accept cash.
And they get mad at him and she hadn't storm out of there.
Really?
They didn't want people to,
some people that just want to just walk around with a credit card and nothing
else.
And this guy was like,
you don't have fuck credit cards.
I want cash.
And so it,
uh,
for whatever reason,
it slowly started killing his business.
The guy refused to adapt.
He was old school is fuck.
And eventually 100.
Now it's a Starbucks.
Jesus.
Unbelievable.
That's a drag because it's like,
Eh,
you know,
I mean,
that's an hour to cook chicken.
Really.
Whoa.
You know,
and you know,
it's like,
it is a true art and,
uh,
to,
to see that go down.
That's really a drag.
They cooked everything.
They're really good.
It wasn't just chicken that fantastic sandwiches.
They had the best Pastrami.
I mean it was a Mexican place.
They had pastrami.
I mean,
Mexicans owned it.
It was amazing.
This place is just fucking fantastic.
And they,
whatever reason,
they just refuse to give in and they eventually closed the doors.
That's a drag.
I know.
I mean,
I've gone to restaurants and you know,
some,
cause I'm always looking for barbecue places,
you know,
and in our travels and,
and they'll,
there's,
there are a lot of places that they just do cash and you guys can be in you.
It can be annoying sometimes when you don't,
when you don't have any cash on you and you just find out when you walk in the
door,
you know,
so I can see what,
but you know,
if your business is spreading like that,
you gotta like get,
get the word out there so people come prepared,
you know?
Have you ever been to doctor [inaudible] and Van Eyes?
No.
Oh,
Joe Perry.
It might be the best fucking barbecue in the country.
Really.
Well,
you've got to get a tall,
tall order.
Talon you,
I'm telling you,
I'm,
I've been to a lot of spots.
I've been to some fantastic spots in North Carolina.
I've been to some awesome joints in Texas and in Georgia.
This fucking spot in Van Nuys,
California might be the best joint in the country.
It seems ridiculous as Detroit neighborhood.
True.
Oh,
it's right down the street from one of the dirtiest strip clubs in the valley.
But if you go down Supolvida and you,
you,
you find this place,
Dr Hoggy Walkleys Tyler,
Texas barbecue in Van Nuys.
Really?
It's sensational.
They have the best brisket I've ever eaten in my life.
It's one melts in your mouth
than this.
I'm into brisket now.
I've been kind of,
I was into,
into baby backs for awhile and then,
um,
kind of going back and forth,
but,
but brisket is now my,
you know,
if you like risky,
you must go to this place.
They have,
it's old school.
They have fucking that shitty fake wood on the walls.
What's that called?
You know,
that wood paneling that you see in people's basements when the molesting kids?
Well,
like you seen all those American apparel ads,
you know,
it's that shit.
It's on the wall.
It's fuck the,
the,
they should have just fucking bare walls.
Who gives a shit,
right?
The,
the,
the wall,
the decorations.
It's almost indicative.
Oh,
is that photos of it?
And then is a video of it.
Oh,
this is a video of [inaudible].
I am telling you this fucking portions are incredible.
They're huge portions.
I always get the brisket hotlinks and a pork rib.
That's what I get.
Spare ribs to.
Fucking ridiculously good.
Ridiculously good.
I'm not,
I,
I have no affiliation with these people.
I don't,
I go there all the time.
I don't know anybody who owns it.
Um,
did not trying to make any money here.
I'm telling you,
I,
I'm fucking up right now.
Shouldn't be telling you people about it because it's going to be a God damn
line.
All these hipsters are going to find out about this spot and swarm van eyes.
No,
just,
just tell him,
keep,
keep drumming on the neighborhood.
How funky it.
Funky as fuck.
It's,
it's very funky.
It's one of those places where you park your car and you're like,
okay,
hope it's still here when I get back.
Huh?
Yeah.
They used to be a place like that.
And Boston,
I remember we used to go at four the morning,
you know,
um,
the same thing.
And they used to do a ham hocks and it was,
that was a great,
you know,
and it hard to find a good ham hocks.
Yeah,
yeah.
With hamhocks.
Yeah.
I didn't find a good spot and I was had to do that and Chitlins and all thing
then.
And we used to go down there and I mean,
and it was,
but you know,
everybody made a straight line there and you know,
got left alone.
It was fine.
They're good neighborhood place.
Well there's a place in Austin,
Texas that has a famous for its weight.
It's got like an hour and a half wait.
Like everywhere you go,
every time you go there,
like in the morning when they're opening up for lunch,
it was a fucking line of people already waiting to get in there because Austin,
Texas is one of those places where people find out about a spot and it becomes
like the place to wait in line.
Like I went there a couple of weeks ago and there was this line for this
hamburger place.
I'm like,
it's a fucking hamburger place.
How good could it be?
But there's an hour and a half wait,
align.
Like what are you doing to your hamburgers unless you put in cocaine on your
hamburgers?
I'm understand this line,
it doesn't make any sense,
but there's a huge fucking lime for this,
you know,
handcrafted,
right?
It'll,
the only way to spot crafted is if you can see the cows in the back.
You know what I mean?
And he's,
then you know where it's coming from.
I just don't know how it could be much better than in and out.
And now you just get in the car and you'd go through the drive through and it's
pretty much fucking perfect.
My favorite place in La,
uh,
lowest weight I've ever had was three hours boiling.
It's called boiling crab and it's actually the mop.
It's,
it's where they take crab and they put sausage in it and then then like corn and
then butter and garlic.
And he'd just give it to you in a huge bag.
And they have crawfish,
lobster,
whatever you want.
But everything comes in big bags.
That's three hour wait,
that's the lowest I've ever been.
I had it up to five hours before.
Come on.
Yeah.
And you literally sign up and they'd say like four hours and then you just leave
and you come back like three and a half hours later.
And hopefully they didn't call your name.
It's due to most people actually wait.
Yeah,
it's,
it's just groups of people like all sitting in a parking lot outside.
It's weird,
but there's,
there's generic rip off places now because they've,
so many people come,
you know,
love that place.
So now there's like boiling shrimp,
which is the exact copy of it.
And it's,
there's no,
wait,
where's this place I la hombre.
And there's one in Korea town and there's one in Texas.
Those,
a bunch of these and they're all our,
our weights know was great except for the weight.
Yeah.
Well it's nice when someone figures out something good.
You know,
like one of the things that you're seeing now at lax,
lax used to be just like Chili's and like burger king,
it was like,
Ooh,
well chains.
But now they have all these like cool restaurants there.
They have like really good restaurants and a lot of the terminals now they
finally figured out like,
Jesus Christ,
we have people coming in here every day,
guaranteed packed every day and you've got all these shitty chain restaurants.
But they've finally,
again,
the same sort of thing,
these blowback,
right.
Where there,
you know,
people would saying,
you know enough already,
let's put in a good restaurant,
see what happens.
And it takes off like wildfire and he sees big lines and these nice restaurants
at lax.
Yeah.
People,
you could see people going there without having to take off,
you know,
and just go there to eat.
Yeah.
But you'd have to go through security license.
It's on the other side of you would have to like buy a ticket,
but that's really smart.
We imagine if you buy a ticket for like southwest where it's not that expensive
so you can only get to go through.
I like to go through security as soon as they get there,
get it over with,
you know what I mean?
So it's good.
It's on the other side.
Yeah.
They don't have anything on the inside that you can't buy anything.
Right.
They don't it lax.
Did they have any,
they have a Starbucks at the the baggage claim place,
but that's basically it.
Yeah.
Boston has a bunch of those at Logan.
There's a few places you can eat before you go through security.
Yeah,
but I don't think they have any of that in la except the restaurant that's
actually outside that.
Right.
Whatever that spaceship looking thing.
Nope.
You know?
No,
it looks like you know what is probably pay a painting.
I know nobody's ever eaten in the CIA operation just to get the fucking really?
Yeah.
There you go,
man.
You never know.
Listen,
Joe Perry were based basically out of time.
You're fucking awesome man.
Really.
So cool to have you on here.
I appreciate the fuck out of it.
Great to meet you and be on the show.
And you know,
like I said,
it was more,
more important to hook up with you then,
but it was great to be on a podcast.
You do a great job.
Thank you brother.
I appreciate it very much,
man.
It's an honor,
the true honor.
And uh,
then I got to my boys,
you know,
turned me on to a while ago and it was,
it was great.
Yeah.
Thank you sir.
Let's do it again sometime.
Yeah,
tell me when you're back in town again.
I got to come see you guys live to do you,
when are you guys performing live?
Uh,
well we just finished being on the road for awhile,
so we're gonna probably go out again next year.
You know,
it's going to be a while.
So sometime in 2015 yeah,
we'll come back on what next time before you're going to do it and we'll,
we'll set something up.
All right,
cool.
Beautiful.
Thank you,
sir.
Joe Perry,
Ladies and gentlemen,
John [inaudible] on Twitter,
but he doesn't need you to pay attention to him.
Go fucking check out of the scope by his book.
God dammit.
Let's,
let's bump that bitch up to number one.
It's the last time I saw it was number four.
What's the name of the book again?
It's called Bronx,
my life in and out of Aerosmith.
Joe Perry lays gentlemen.
Nuff said night.
See you soon.
Okay.
Yeah.